Wonder Womanis a superhero whose exploits have been published by DC Comics since 1941. She is a warrior of peace hailing from anisolated from the outside world (called "man's world" by the Amazons forobviousreasons) for centuries. Her comics have circulated consistently since her introduction, establishing her as one of the world's most formidable and enduring characters.
She was created bywith input from his wife Elizabeth Holloway Marston, and their live-in partner Olive Byrne, as a tender, peaceloving individual with "all the strength of a, plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman."Over the years, she has assisted in the war effort, served as a founding member of the, and lived a double life under the guise of.
In addition to comic books, the character has featured in various forms of media such as the famous 1975 to 1979starring, animated productions, and severalstarring.
As Princess of the, Princess Diana was born to, queen of. Upon her birth, she was granted abilities beyond those of mortals, and later bequeathed theby the. She has been described as "beautiful as Aphrodite, wise as Athena, swifter than Hermes, and stronger than Hercules."
Introduced in All Star Comics #8 in December 1941, Wonder Woman has endured multiple interpretations and adaptations since her inception. The details of her abilities, relationships and origin have changed and evolved over time. Initially, Wonder Woman is an Amazon champion, armed with bulletproof bracelets, magic lasso, and Amazonian training, who wins the right to returnto "Man's World" and fight the evil of the Nazis. While Wonder Woman fights both Nazis and crime, her appearances had a noted sexual subtext, leading to debates over whether it provided an outlet for Dr. Marston's sexual fantasies or whether it was meant to appeal or influence, the developing sexuality of young readers.
During this period Wonder Woman joined the Justice Society of America as the first female member; albeit as the group's secretary, despite being one of the most powerful members.
During the Silver Age, Wonder Woman's origin was revamped, along with other characters during the era. The new origin story, increased the characters Hellenistic roots, receiving the blessing of each deity in her crib, Diana is destined to become "beautiful as Aphrodite, wise as Athena, stronger than Hercules, and swifter than Mercury".
At the end of the 1960s, under the guidance of, Wonder Woman surrenders her powers to remain in "Man's World" rather than accompany her fellow Amazons to another dimension. A mod boutique owner, the powerless Diana Prince acquires a Chinese mentor named. Under I Ching's guidance, Diana learns martial arts and weapons skills, and engages in adventures that encompassed a variety of genres, from espionage to mythology.
The character would later return to her super-powered roots and the World War II-era, (due to the popularity of the Wonder Woman TV series), inand the eponymous title, respectively.
Following Crisis on Infinite Earths, Pérez and Potter wrote Wonder Woman as a feminist character, a princess and emissary fromto Patriarch's world. The four part "Sacrifice" storyline ended with Diana breaking the longstanding do-not-kill code.
Originally, Wonder Woman was able to will a tremendous amount of brain energy into her muscles and limbs by Amazon training which endowed her with extraordinary strength and agility. Thetook up this notion; "... we are able to develop our minds and physical skills ..." ["Fausta:The Nazi Wonder Woman" 1976]; and in the first episode of Super Friends [1973] Diana states to"... the only thing that can surpass super strength is the power of the brain". In early Wonder Woman stories, Amazon training involves strengthening this ability using pure mental energy. Her powers would be removed in accordance with Aphrodite's Law if she allowed herself to be bound or chained by a male.
With the inclusion ofandWonder Totin Diana's backstory, writers provided new explanations of her powers; the character became capable of feats which her sister Amazons could not equal. Wonder Woman Volume One #105, reveals that Diana was formed from clay by theand was imbued with the attributes of the Greek gods by- "beautiful as Aphrodite, wise as Athena, swifter than Hermes, and stronger than Hercules."
Although Wonder Woman’s mythos was returned to its original interpretation between 1966 and 1967, new abilities were added: super breath (to blow jet streams or transform water into snow); ventriloquism; imperviousness to extremes of heat and cold; ride the air currents as if flying; mental telepathy (even to project images); microscopic vision; the ability to vibrate into another dimension, and others which are listed in the Encyclopedia of Comic Book Heroes, Volume Two (1976).
Depending on the writer, Diana's invulnerability and power varied greatly with the story needs.
Diana possesses a host of superhuman powers granted to her by the gods and goddesses of Olympus, gifts which have been stated to be equal to their own abilities. Primary among these are superhuman strength and stamina, which she draws from a mystical link to the Earth itself granted by.
Diana is one of the strongest and most powerful superheroes in the DC Universe. Her stamina affords her an incredible degree of resistance to blunt force trauma. However, Diana's skin is not invulnerable and can be pierced by sharp projectiles.
Diana has heightened resistance to magical attacks and manipulation. She is experienced in battling foes who use sorcery as a weapon. She heals at an accelerated rate due to her superhuman metabolism. She is a master of armed and unarmed combat, proficient with nearly every weapon of her culture, especially the bow and the javelin. She has at times engaged in battle with beings such as,, or theand held her own against them.
She has enhanced senses, as well as being able to communicate with all forms of animals.
The Godgifted Diana with the powers of super-human speed and unassisted flight. She possesses the "sight of Athena", or the gift of increased insight, allowing her to sense others' emotions, and is now fully immune to mind control.
Diana possesses great wisdom and intelligence, giving her heightened proficiency with languages, being able to speak her native Themysciran, Ancient and Modern Greek, English, Portuguese, Spanish, French, Mandarin Chinese (she expressed "difficulty" with the tones of Cantonese during an interview with), Russian, and Hindi.
Wonder Woman is an accomplished strategist and tactician, leader, and diplomat. She has been shown to astrally project herself into various lands of myth. In some cases, she has shown the ability to place individuals into a state of sleep while under the power of her golden lasso.used this technique on Diana herself during the Our Worlds at War event.
Star Sapphire Wonder Woman
Wonder Woman was involved with the event Blackest Night. At the end of issue 5, Nekron, the Guardian of Death, resurrects Bruce Wayne, who releases a swarm of Black Lantern Rings which attach themselves to heroes who have died and were resurrected, which made Wonder Woman a Black Lantern. In issue 6, when each of the Corps were recruting a deputy member for 24 hours, Star Sapphire ring attached itself to Wonder Woman and expelled the Black ring from her, not only resurrecting her, but turning her into a Star Sapphire Corps member.
Starting with the renumbering of the Wonder Woman series, picking up from Volume 1 with the last chapter of issue #600 Diana's entire past was mysterious re-written in the Odyssey story arc. In this altered world Themyscira was destroyed and Hippolyta killed with the surviving Amazons relocating elsewhere taking young Diana with them. Diana grew up with no knowledge of what happened to her mother or her origin. Through meeting an Oracle, Diana discovers Themyscira was attacked and the Amazons slaughtered. She asks the oracle to show her how her mother died, and it was seen that Hippolyta has sacrificed herself and killed herself in the fire as to not reveal the whereabouts of her daughter.
Diana helps to relocate other surviving Amazons after another attack is plotted against them, for the purpose of getting Diana out in the open. Diana's odyssey brings her in conflict with The Morrigan, two of a trinity of war goddesses related to the destruction of Themyscira, Annan, Bellona. The Diana in this continuity is the target of Maxwell Lord inJustice League: Generation Lostwho discovers no one has ever heard of her, to his bewilderment. O ly the Justice League International members Booster Gold, Captain Atom, Fire and Ice, who had been present at the site Max did a global mindwipe, remekbered her.
The Morrigan sent a series of warriors and monsters after Diana in order to try and shape her to become more like them so she could become more like them and replace a fallen member of their trinity, Enyo, and make the Morrigan whole again.
Where the story stars a conventional force lead by the same immortal who killed Hippolyta and now held the golden lasso, attacks a hidden Amazon temple. Diana's aid is enough to allow the Amazon's to retreat and their leader is slain by her, avenging Hippolyta and returning the lasso to it's rightful hands, and with it Diana's own power increases and she gains the ability to fly. The Morrigan's ruthless attacks do not end there, and even Diana's mentor Philippus fell when the Morrigan sent a minor god, a centaur Huntsman, after Diana, as well as a minotaur who had once been an innocent and made to fight, to drive her further into anger and hatred.
meanwhile was left in Lincoln, Nebraska by the Superman Squad from the future, knowing that she will be inspired by his actions in saving the people from a tornado to become a superhero. When he saw her, she seemed familar but he couldn't remember of ever meeting her. She agreed to his request to rescue the people from the storm but was atatcked by a woman, secretly Lisa Jennings for ruining her plan amd making Superman see that one has to sacrifice a few to save many. In response, she punched her but Lisa told her that she should rescue others as Superman asked. She does so and Superman thanks her, though she states that she only did it after being inspired by his acts and before him informs him of the lady who attacked her earlier.
Batman remembered her due to donning the White Lantern Ring and having his original memries restored while Blue Beetle's torture made him regain all the memories he had had before Maxwell's mindwipe. Bruce tracked her to New York where she was searching for those responsible for killing her fellow Amazons. he tried to convince her to come with them for her own safety. The OMACs showed up at the place and teleported many of the heroes, including Diana to Los ANgeles. The OMAC Prime that was sent by Max almost killed her, but she was rescued by Blue Beetle who tok over its control and blew it up. Max was then forced by Captain Atom to make everyone remember about his actions.
The Morrigan then took three fallen Amazons and imbued them with the spirits of Artemis, Giganta, and Cheetah and turned them against the enclave of Amazons that sheltered Diana. Against the might of the three warriors they couldn't stand and all were slaughter, and Diana herself was badly injured, though escaped death thanks to the unlikely aid of Doctor Psycho, who's powers allowed him to realize the timeline had been altered.
Using his psychic abilities, Psycho showed visions of alternate timelines of Diana's life. He explained that she could become Wonder Woman, but it would have to be something she chose to be, and said he'd rather be part of her life, even as a villain, than the current state of the world.
Outside the visions, wounded, Diana was taken to a hospital where she quickly recovered. There she met an elderly patient at the hospital, one of the fates, Clotho, who explained she had giving Diana a 'backup' fate, so that when hers was severed, she would survive and be able to fight back against the forces who had done so, and that was Diana now. The fate then gave Diana a cloth she had spun, a blue and white starfield similar to her pre-Odyssey outfit, which Diana donned as a cap as Artemis, Giganta, and Cheetah returned.
Finding her strength had increased once more, Diana easily defeated the three empowered Amazons, and convinced them to surrender and join her to avenge all of their comrades rather than follow the Morrigan's way and die.
When the quartet attack, though, things go badly, as a sword stabs Diana shortly after she opens a door, transfixing her in place, and the other three die to the Morrigan, though in turn a second Morrigan, Bellona, dies to the treachery of their own warrior Ajax (New Earth), freed by Psycho, leaving only the strongest, their leader Annan. Diana is shown a vision of what could happen if the Morrigan's plan for her succeeds, and she sees herself clad in green, wielding the Flashing Blade and it's green flames and lightning, at the head of an army of the dead, marching over the Earth with a cause of justice untempered by mercy, and slaying even her friends the Justice League - Batman, Martian Manhunter, Green Lantern, and finally dispatching Superman himself after he tries to stop her.
As the vision ends, Annan begins torturing Diana with her powerful magic to force her to give in and join the Morrigan, but while doing so she overlooks that her powers had not quite killed Artemis, and the badly burned Amazon regained her bow and shot the goddess in the neck, making Annan to lose the ability to release her magic, causing her to explode.
In the rubble of their building, Diana grabs her lasso that leads her back to the door where the vision had come from, but before she passes through she is met by the Gods of Olympus, who tell her what happened; they are in exile out of fear of Nemesis, a goddess gone mad. Knowing that within her own realm, only the strongest heart could hope to stand against Nemesis, they task Diana to succeed where they cannot.
Climbing through the doorway to Nemesis's realm, Diana fights through constructs in the shape of the dead, only to meet something unexpected holding the other end of her lasso; Herself, Wonder Woman, in her traditional uniform but also holding the Flashing Blade, who attacks.
As they fight, the other Wonder Woman is clearly stronger, and chides Diana for talking instead of acting. Diana attempts to break through to her with words, but the other Wonder Woman decides to show her what is happened and cuts her, giving Diana a vision once again.
Before the Odyssey began, the Morrigan were gathering an army to attack Themyscira, and Wonder Woman confronted the three goddesses, but it was a lure by the evil Nemesis, Goddess of Retribution. Wonder Woman fought the three Morrigan, causing the death of Envo when she was thrown into the path of a blow from Bellona meant for Diana, but as the other two pressed the attack out of anger, Nemesis herself came fourth and attacked the already worn Wonder Woman, impaling her with her sword- identical to the one the Diana in the vision and false Wonder Woman carries- and the truth of who the other Wonder Woman was came out, as Nemesis's sword bestowed upon Diana not death, but instead allowed Nemesis to steal her life, her form, and her power and take them on herself. Only thanks to the meddling of Clotho did a sliver of Diana escape, and the new timeline was forged.
Back in the present, Nemesis explained that while her power was sufficient to fend off foes in her realm, she needed to scour humanity of it's valor and bring it's greatest warrior to heel, so that she could bring vengeance upon all who deserved it by ending humanity. With Wonder Woman's justice bent to vengeance and even her brought around to her way, nothing would be strong enough to stop the mad goddess's retribution. Diana rebuked that living among mortals didn't make her hate them, but Nemesis said it didn't matter and Diana'd become part of her now, impaling her with the sword once more.
Using Clotho's strand of fate, however, now close enough to do so, Diana freely merges with her old self and power, casting the spirit of Nemesis out, and declaring herself Wonder Woman once more. Wonder Woman then declared Nemesis's plan a mad scheme, as the soul of an Amazon could never be bent to her merciless hate and she would never be her champion.
Declaring she could die, Nemesis attacked once more in her own body, but this time Wonder Woman was strong enough to resist, not only now unwounded like when Nemesis attacked at the end of her battle with the Morrigan before, but with her new strength added to her old. Beating her down, Nemesis transformed by calling upon the strength of all murdered souls who cry out for vengeance, but Wonder Woman seizes her own sword and slays her with it. As Nemesis dies, Nemesis revealed Diana had passed a final test, and expressed joy that she would be freed in death, the cries of the murdered no longer roaring in her ears, while Diana would take her place to mete out punishment, and if Diana would not be her champion, she would take up her wrath and become the new Nemesis.
As Nemesis died, armor reminiscent of the armor in her first vision covers Diana, and the truth of Nemesis's words sink is, as she feels the pain of the unjustly killed that had driven Nemesis mad over thousands of years and filled her with her terrible strength. However, also within Diana's heart still resided the memories of those who loved her and turned to her for protection. Wonder Woman declared she would take Nemesis' place and be the new wielder of the Flashing Blade, but would also be it's last wielder, as she broke it over her knee.
With that, the spells and changes of fate on the rest of the world were broken, and Wonder Woman suddenly found herself on Themyscira, intact and whole, again, in the way of an archery contest between Artemis and Phillipus. She rushed forward and hugged Phillipus, then ran off to see her mother, leaving the two amazon warriors confused. Diana meets Hippolyta and the two talk, Hippolyta commenting on her new outfit, and Diana discusses the Odyssey she's been through. She also comments that she can feel there's another change coming, but Hippolyta reassures her that whatever change comes, Diana'll remain her daughter, they'll remain Amazons, and Diana'll always be Wonder Woman. Holding the words with her, Diana, Wonder Woman, then flies off into the sky.
### Post-Flashpoint[]
Professor Zoom causes a massive time distortion that completely alters the timeline. In this alternate timeline, Wonder Woman is a brutal conqueror at war with Aquaman over the ravaged remains of Europe. Eventually the timeline is repaired, although the mysterious Pandora shapes it into a newer form.
Following changes to the timestream, Wonder Woman's origin was changedagain. While she had been taught since birth that she was a creation of clay, come to life by the power of her mother's need for a child, it was not so. In reality, her mother had long ago had a tryst with, and their affair led to Diana's conception. The truth of her divinity was kept secret in order to protect Diana from the wrath of, whose jealousy was notorious. When she discovered the truth, Wonder Woman cast off all other names, and chose never to return to Paradise Island.
Diana tries to reconcile with her mother later on, but unfortunately, Hera has turned the entire Amazon population to stone. Wonder Woman also comes to the help of, a girl who is pregnant by Zeus' child.tells Wonder Woman that she must protect Zola from Hera. In order to do so, Wonder Woman asks the help of, an illegitimate child of Zeus and Diana's older brother. The four realize that Zeus has disappeared, leaving a power vacuum that other gods seek to fill.andattack Wonder Woman's group in London.
Wonder Woman and Lennox try to negotiate with the two gods. Using a distraction, Wonder Woman takes Hades's staff and teleports to, where she swears retribution on Hera for what she did to her people. By the time Wonder Woman returns to London, however, Hades kidnaps Zola. Wonder Woman, Hermes and Lennox go to Italy to find, so that he can take them to the realm of. Wonder Woman hopes Hephaestus will give them what they need in order to face Hades. The group travels to Mount Etna, where they are greeted by Hephaestus' labourers. Eros and Hephaestus explain that the labourers are in fact the discarded male children of the Amazons. Whenever Amazon children are born, the females are accepted while the males are thrown to sea. Hephaestus rescued them and raised them with love and care. One of the men is Diana's brother and Hippolyta and Zeus' son, Jason.
Wonder Woman, armed with Eros' guns, and Hermes travel to the Underworld. There, Hades says that he will give Zola to them if Diana makes a new deal with him. Their previous bargain dictated that he would be able to marry Hera as his new queen, but since Wonder Woman cannot convince Hera to do so, a new bargain must be made. Hades wants Eros' guns and Diana gives them to him. Receiving the guns, Hades returns Zola to Wonder Woman and Hermes. Suddenly, Hades shoots Wonder Woman in the heart, saying that she will be Hades' queen. Hermes and Zola are forced to leave Diana behind.
Diana is forced to go through the wedding. She also meets, Hades' first wife, who tried to escape by slitting her wrists. As she is taken to the altar, Hades creates a noose from her Lasso of Truth. Hades is confused whether Diana is feigning love towards him in order to protect Zola, so he will test her love. If she is dishonest, then she will be hanged and he will capture Zola.
As the lasso is placed around her neck, Diana says she truly loves Hades. Suddenly, she breaks free of her bonds, saying that she will not marry him, whether she loves him or not. Lennox and Hephaestus enter the underworld in order to help her. During the confrontation, Hephaestus tells Hades that Diana indeed loves Hades, just as she loves everyone. Wonder Woman says that even with Eros' guns, Hades cannot make anyone fall in love with him if he does not love himself. Hades allows the trio to leave the underworld, but not before Wonder Woman shoots Hades in the heart while he is staring at a mirror, hoping that he will finally love himself.
The group travels to Coloma, Michigan, just as Zola is about to give birth. Zola is taken to a doctor, butandarrive in order to kidnap Zola and the child. Although Wonder Woman, Lennox, and Hermes work together, the two gods easily defeated them and take Zola to Olympus. Wonder Woman and Hermes travel to Olympus, reaching Zeus's throne, where Hera has met up with Strife and Apollo.
Hera reveals that she had made a pact with Apollo in which he would get to be ruler of Olympus while she gets to destroy Zola and her child. Just as she is about to throw Zola off a cliff, Wonder Woman rescues her. Apollo becomes the new ruler of Olympus and exiles Hera. Wonder Woman gets Hermes to take Zola back to Earth so that she can deliver her child. Artemis attacks Wonder Woman again, but Wonder Woman removes her bracelets, easily defeating her foe. Apollo agrees to let Diana leave in peace, but he speaks of a prophecy in which the ruler of Olympus will be killed by a child of Zeus. If Zola's child turns out to be the one mentioned by the prophecy, Diana will kill the child herself. Wonder Woman returns to Earth and Zola gives birth to her child, but in that moment, Hermes takes the child and leaves. Wonder Woman swears to rescue the child and bring Hermes to justice.
Wonder Woman and Lennox agree to protect Zola and a now mortal Hera from Olympus. Lennox tells Diana that he knows of a child of Zeus who had been killed by Hera. Her name is, and she had been giving information to Lennox before he joined Diana. In order to find Siracca, Wonder Woman travels to Lybia, where she finds a child. Wonder Woman takes the child to an underground temple, where the child dissipates into a cloud of sand and attacks Diana, revealing herself to be Siracca.
Wonder Woman refuses to fight Siracca, as they have both been victimized by Hera. Instead she asks for her help to find Zola's child. Ceasing her attack, Siracca agrees to help. She says that her brother,, might be able to help Wonder Woman. He lives in New York. Wonder Woman and Lennox travel to New York City. As their reach a subway tunnel, Hephaestus briefl appears before Diana and modifies her bracelets. Suddenly, she sees Lennox being threatened byand prepares to fight. In that moment, her bracelets create two swords for her to wield. Before a fight breaks out, Milan appears and summons a swarm of insects from his mouth, enveloping everyone present.
## Powers and Abilities[]
1. Lepore, Jill., 2014, pages 183–209
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman: Bloodlines
Wonder Woman: Bloodlinesis a 2019 American direct-to-video animated superhero film focusing on the superheroinewho is voiced by Rosario Dawson for a fifth time.It is the 14th installment of the DC Animated Movie Universe and the 36th overall film in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies line. The movie is rated PG-13.
Experience an all-new adventure with DC’s most powerful heroine—filled with intrigue, mythology and relentless battles on shores near and far—inWonder Woman: Bloodlines, the next entry in the popular series of DC Universe Movies.
InWonder Woman: Bloodlines, Amazon princess Diana of Themyscira chooses to save fighter pilot Steve Trevor and return him to his home in America—setting in motion one of Wonder Woman’s most captivating chapters. Fulfilling the role of both ambassador as well as protector, Diana soon earns the name Wonder Woman from the gracious people of Earth. Equally strong in body, heart and will, she makes it her mission to help a troubled young girl enlisted by a deadly organization known as Villainy, Inc., whose criminal members have their sights set on invading Themyscira, Diana’s paradise home. Prepare for a thrilling quest packed with brutal battles, mysterious mythology and endless wonder!
Five years ago, Princess Diana of Themyscira rescued captain Steven "Steve" Trevor from a Parademon attack which leaves the weary pilot seriously injured. Diana takes him to a mending chamber where he is fully recovered with the use of a purple healing ray. However, Diana's mother Queen Hippolyta takes Steve prisoner due to breaking the cardinal law of Paradise Island. Eventually only to be broken out by Diana, betraying her mother who challenges her daughter to a duel before leaving to protect man's world, disgusting Hippolyta. In Washington, D.C., Etta Candy takes Diana and Steve to Dr. Julia Katapelia to research the history of man's world while Diana befriends Julia's daughter Vanessa who becomes more jealous of Diana as her parent pays more attention to Diana than her.
In the present, Julia requests Diana's help to find her daughter Vanessa after dispatching an armed robbery. She is informed by Mrs. Kapatelia that Venessa is trading an artifact to the villainess Doctor Poison. Diana intervenes but is confronted by Poison's enforcer; Giganta. Having tangled with Wonder Woman in the past and lost, Giganta injects herself with a mysterious enhancement serum to bolster herself but is ultimately defeated. Meanwhile, Julia is killed in a crossfire between a group of Nazi soldiers and Steve. Vanessa blames Diana for her death by coming into her life. She oversees Diana and Steve at Julia's grave through CCTV footage until she is recruited by Doctors Poison and Cyber to undergo an experiment which turns her into Silver Swan.
Diana and Steve locate Doctor Poison in Qurac where she is confronted by Silver Swan who is captured by Diana as Doctor Poison flees with a prototype bioweapon. Diana believes that the purple healing ray that saved Steve from his Parademon attack half a decade prior can save Vanessa from the T.O Virus that is slowly killing her due to the experiment. Although she doesn't remember the location of Themyscira as is the mystic safety measure which prevents others from finding it, prompting them to visit Veronica Cale who helps Diana locate the hidden isle. They discover that Diana must drink water from a fountain located at the Temple of Pasiphae to gain knowledge of the location. Etta aids Diana and Steve in their travel to the temple where they are confronted by Cheetah who is working for an organization known as Villainy Inc., which Doctor Poison is also part of, lead by Doctor Cyber. Cheetah takes a mysterious serum similar to what Giganta took that gives her enhanced physical attributes to match Diana’s, as well as a more animalistic appearance. Steve and Etta enter a maze where they are confronted by a Minotaur which they use to break through the maze. Diana uses her lasso of truth to defeat and subdue Cheetah. Making her way to her friends at the center of the maze where she then drinks the water from it's prize challis. After receiving a glare of visions, she turns to find the Minotaur stirring again, realizing the creature is enchanted to defend the fountain. Diana destroys it, doing so also sets the Minotaur free afterwhich Steve names him "Ferdinand".
Diana, Steve and Etta make their way to Themyscira which is already being invaded by Villainy Inc. There, Doctor Poison unleashes their endgame weapon - Medusa, who kills Doctor Poison and Cyber. Diana battles Medusa who attempts to stone Vanessa but is saved by Diana. Diana uses Medusa's venom to blind her eyes to prevent Medusa's power. Eventually, Diana kills Medusa and reconciles with her mother. Diana, Steve, and Vanessa are then healed by the healing ray. Following the battle, Hippolyta claims Diana the champion of Themyscira and returns to man's world.
In a mid-credits scene, it is revealed that Veronica funded Doctor Poison and Dr. Cyber, sending them Themyscira's location. Diana also learns that Cale shot Julia in order to keep her involvement a secret and to turn Vanessa against Diana. Veronica states that she intends to visit Themyscira to study its technology and exploit it for personal gain. Diana responds by impaling her sword in Veronica's desk, telling her that she will need a weapon if she threatens her friends again, and leaves. Veronica warns Diana as she leaves that she's coming for her while trying to pull her sword out of her desk.
In July 2018 , Wonder Woman: Bloodlines was announced at San Diego Comic-Con.
In July 2019, it was reported that Rosario Dawson would be reprising her role as Wonder Woman from previous films, and would be joined by Jeffrey Donovan as Steve Trevor, Marie Avgeropoulos as Vanessa Kapatelis/Silver Swan, Kimberly Brooks as Cheetah and Giganta, Michael Dorn as Ferdinand, Ray Chase as the lead bandit, Mozhan Marnò as Doctor Cyber, Adrienne C. Moore as Etta Candy, Courtenay Taylor as Doctor Poison, Nia Vardalos as Julia Kapatelis, and Constance Zimmer as Veronica Cale.
Wonder Woman: Bloodlineswas first screened for a public audience at New York Comic Con during the weekend of October 4, 2019. The film was accompanied by a discussion panel with creators.
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (1974)
"The Amazing Amazon Princess Comes to Television!"
Wonder Womanis a 1974 television film loosely based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It was Wonder Woman's first live-action television appearance. The TV movie event aired as a pilot for an intended television series, being considered by ABC.
The film follows Wonder Woman, assistant to government agent Steve Trevor (Kaz Garas) as she pursues a villain named Abner Smith (Ricardo Montalban) who has stolen a set of code books containing classified information about U.S. government field agents.
* Cathy Lee Crosby as Diana Prince/Wonder Woman
* Kaz Garas as Steve Trevor
* Charlene Holt as Hippolyta
* Ricardo Montalban as Abner Smith
* Richard X. Slattery as Colonel Henkins
* Andrew Prine as George Calvin
* Anitra Ford as Ahnjayla
* Beverly Gill as Dia
* Sandy Gaviola as Ting
* Robert Porter as Joe
* Jordan Rhodes as Bob
* Donna Garrett as Cass
* Roberta Brahm as Zoe
* Thom Carney as Fred
- Cathy Lee Crosby as Diana Prince/Wonder Woman
- Kaz Garas as Steve Trevor
- Charlene Holt as Hippolyta
- Ricardo Montalban as Abner Smith
- Richard X. Slattery as Colonel Henkins
- Andrew Prine as George Calvin
- Anitra Ford as Ahnjayla
- Beverly Gill as Dia
- Sandy Gaviola as Ting
- Robert Porter as Joe
- Jordan Rhodes as Bob
- Donna Garrett as Cass
- Roberta Brahm as Zoe
- Thom Carney as Fred
- Ed McCready as Wesley
## Production and Reception[]
The pilot aired originally on March 12, 1974and was repeated on August 21 of that year.Ratings were described as "respectable but not exactly wondrous."ABC did not pick up the pilot, although Crosby would later claim she was offered the series that was eventually given to.An ABC spokesperson would later acknowledge that the decision to update the character was a mistakeand the pilot itself has been labeled one of the "hundred dumbest events in television."
* This version of Wonder Woman, who owes more to characters such as Modesty Blaise, Emma Peel and Honey West than the original superhero, was introduced soon after the so-called "I Ching" era of the comic book in which Diana lost her powers and become an Emma Peel-like adventurer who was trained by a man named I Ching. By the time the movie aired, however, the comic book Wonder Woman had returned to her superhero origins.
* Very little of the comic book is reflected in the film beyond a sequence on her unnamed island home and a dialogue reference to her invisible plane (which she is never shown flying in the film). The only aspect of Diana's classic costume retained for the film is her bracelets, which are depicted as James Bond-style gadgets. In the film they: are magnetic, contain a tracking device, can be used as a grappling hook, and contain a small explosive (it is also implied that tapping bracelets together is a form of greeting for the Amazons). Diana also wears a Batman-esque utility belt that contains a hidden rope for climbing (the closest the film gets to the lasso).
* Although the later Lynda Carter series was considered a complete do-over, the basic concept of the 1974 film is actually similar to later episodes of the Carter series in which Diana was again depicted as a secret government agent who at one point reports to Steve Trevor. The conceit of Steve going into the field and playing a background role also conforms to the later TV series.
* Diana's secret identity is treated inconsistently in the film, as she eschews any sort of disguise, yet it is implied only Steve is aware of it in his agency; nonetheless, the villains recognize her as Wonder Woman on sight and refer to her by this name. Interestingly, later episodes of the Carter series also have her abandon any pretense of disguise (though her identity as Wonder Woman still remains secret).
* As a pilot, a number of plot elements are left unexplained (presumably intended to have been fleshed out in a series). This includes how Diana came to become part of Steve's agency, and trusted to the degree that he sends her on missions without the knowledge of the rest of his team. It is also strongly implied that the characters of Abner Smith and Ahnjaya would have been recurring (or at least return) villains.
* In the teaser sequence there is a continuity error suggesting a possible cut scene. After George's minions shoot the team of thieves and George goes to leave, the door he exits through shows signs of having had liquid thrown at it - such as a glass - yet no such action occurs in the scene (and the angle makes it unlikely to have been blood from the dead men, something that would not have been allowed in 1974 anyway).
- This version of Wonder Woman, who owes more to characters such as Modesty Blaise, Emma Peel and Honey West than the original superhero, was introduced soon after the so-called "I Ching" era of the comic book in which Diana lost her powers and become an Emma Peel-like adventurer who was trained by a man named I Ching. By the time the movie aired, however, the comic book Wonder Woman had returned to her superhero origins.
- Very little of the comic book is reflected in the film beyond a sequence on her unnamed island home and a dialogue reference to her invisible plane (which she is never shown flying in the film). The only aspect of Diana's classic costume retained for the film is her bracelets, which are depicted as James Bond-style gadgets. In the film they: are magnetic, contain a tracking device, can be used as a grappling hook, and contain a small explosive (it is also implied that tapping bracelets together is a form of greeting for the Amazons). Diana also wears a Batman-esque utility belt that contains a hidden rope for climbing (the closest the film gets to the lasso).
- Although the later Lynda Carter series was considered a complete do-over, the basic concept of the 1974 film is actually similar to later episodes of the Carter series in which Diana was again depicted as a secret government agent who at one point reports to Steve Trevor. The conceit of Steve going into the field and playing a background role also conforms to the later TV series.
- Diana's secret identity is treated inconsistently in the film, as she eschews any sort of disguise, yet it is implied only Steve is aware of it in his agency; nonetheless, the villains recognize her as Wonder Woman on sight and refer to her by this name. Interestingly, later episodes of the Carter series also have her abandon any pretense of disguise (though her identity as Wonder Woman still remains secret).
- As a pilot, a number of plot elements are left unexplained (presumably intended to have been fleshed out in a series). This includes how Diana came to become part of Steve's agency, and trusted to the degree that he sends her on missions without the knowledge of the rest of his team. It is also strongly implied that the characters of Abner Smith and Ahnjaya would have been recurring (or at least return) villains.
- In the teaser sequence there is a continuity error suggesting a possible cut scene. After George's minions shoot the team of thieves and George goes to leave, the door he exits through shows signs of having had liquid thrown at it - such as a glass - yet no such action occurs in the scene (and the angle makes it unlikely to have been blood from the dead men, something that would not have been allowed in 1974 anyway).
1. ↑What Were They Thinking?: The 100 Dumbest Events in Televisionby David Hofstede and Tom Bergeron (contributor), Back Stage Books, 2004, pages 31-33
1. TV Staff Previews, Uniontown (PA) Morning Herlad, March 12, 1974,
1. TV Key Best Bets, Wisconsin State Journal, August, 21, 1974.
1. ↑Wonder Woman Tries Comeback, Tom Shales, Washington Pose, November 7, 1975.
1. Cathy Crosby turns down 'Wonder Woman' offer, Tom Joby, Associated Press, May 12, 1980.
- ↑What Were They Thinking?: The 100 Dumbest Events in Televisionby David Hofstede and Tom Bergeron (contributor), Back Stage Books, 2004, pages 31-33
- TV Staff Previews, Uniontown (PA) Morning Herlad, March 12, 1974,
- TV Key Best Bets, Wisconsin State Journal, August, 21, 1974.
- ↑Wonder Woman Tries Comeback, Tom Shales, Washington Pose, November 7, 1975.
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (1975)
Wonder Womanis a television series that aired on the ABC and CBS networks from 1975 to 1979. It starredas.
1975 movie title card.
is a made-for-TV movie that aired November 7, 1975 on the American Broadcasting Network (ABC). It starred newcomer,in the title role as an Amazon princess from a mysterious island who rescues an American pilot () and returns with him to the Unites States to fight alongside the Allies against Nazi Germany in 1942.
The movie was a ratings success, and the network quickly authorized the production of two one-hour specials, "Wonder Woman Meets Baroness Von Gunther," and "Fausta: The Nazi Wonder Woman," respectively, which aired the following April. The specials scored high enough ratings that ABC added 11 more episodes to their 1976-77 Prime-Time season.
Season 1 title card.
Few changes were made between the pilot episodes and the continuing series, titledWonder Woman. The most memorable change, indeed what became the 'signature moment' of the show, was the introduction of an explosion effect to the twirling transformation, to change Diana Prince into her super-heroic counterpart. This magical sequence, which appeared at least once in most episodes, has been incorporated into both the comic book and animated versions of the character.
In the first episodes, this sequence was performed by fading between two synchronized shots, both filmed with an over-cranked camera to create a slow motion effect. A twirling Diana would gradually dissolve into Wonder Woman. But this sequence was too expensive, in time and money, to maintain. A camera would need to be 'locked off' (secured in place), and Carter's costume, make up and hair altered between shooting the two segments which made up the sequence. The "thunderclap" was added to mask the join between the two segments, allowing each segment to be shot independently, without need for a locked off camera, at more convenient points in the shooting schedule. Apparently, the sound effect is only audible to the audience and to Diana; she uses this change adjacent to a dormitory of sleeping women, in adjoining office spaces, backstage at a live show, in the woods behind a crowd of soldiers, and other locations where she would attract attention if the "boom" was heard.
Another change involved the relationship between Steve Trevor and Wonder Woman. Although Carter and Waggoner had good chemistry, it was decided to play down the romantic aspects found in the comic, and, ultimately, the characters remained simply good friends. Executive producer Douglas S. Cramer noted the difficulties inherent in maintaining long-term romantic tension between leads, with the resolution of that tension often resulting in the cancellation of the series.
The series began at a time when violence on television was under intense scrutiny. As a result, Wonder Woman was less frequently shown punching or kicking people the way she did in the early episodes. The character would usually be shown pushing and throwing enemies, or using creativity to get them to somehow knock themselves out (jumping high into the air causing pursuers to collde). Despite the wartime circumstances, the character never resorted to deadly force (the only exception occurs in the pilot film when she sinks a Nazi submarine with an explosive plane, although the fate of the sailors aboard is never actually specified).
Wonder Woman herself was occasionally defeated by the Nazis, but she always came back in the second half of the show to save the day. Among the things the Nazis used on her were chloroform and poison gas. Her enemies also occasionally stole away her belt (leaving her without her super strength), her lasso, and her bracelets (leaving her defenseless against gunfire), but Wonder Woman always recovered the respective stolen component by the end of the episode.
Season 2 title card.
Despite strong ratings, ABC stalled on commissioning a second season causing the show's frustrated production company, Warner Brothers, to offer Wonder Woman to CBS. While ABC dithered, CBS took the series on condition that the setting is switched to the modern day. Changing the title toThe New Adventures of Wonder Woman, the series was nudged away from sophisticated humor towards a more conventional action-adventure take.
Princess Diana, ageless due to her Amazon nature, returns from Paradise Island after a 35-year absence to become an agent with the Inter-Agency Defense Command (), a Central Intelligence Agency-like organization fighting criminals and the occasional alien invasion. Infrequent references to her World War II experiences were made in early episodes.
Changes in the first CBS season included Wonder Woman's costume being redesigned. Her invisible plane became a jet aircraft, though it only appeared a couple of times. Waggoner still appeared as Wonder Woman's friend Steve Trevor; however, he was now Steve Trevor Jr., the look-alike son of the heroine's World War II ally. The episode "The Return of Wonder Woman" revealed that Trevor Sr. had attained the rank of major general and had died some years earlier. As with the first season, the producers chose to downplay and later drop any suggestion that Steve and Wonder Woman were anything more than friends.
The theme song was re-written to remove references to the Axis powers, reflecting the series' new present-day setting, and the action depicted in the opening's animated comic book panels was similarly updated. Beginning with the episode "The Man Who Made Volcanoes", the opening title sequence was changed again to an instrumental and more traditional "action scenes" opening.
Trevor was promoted to a desk job midway through the season, leaving Diana to go out on missions alone in most episodes. By this time, Diana was no longer simply Trevor's assistant, but was now an accomplished solo agent.
Unlike the first season, Wonder Woman's sources of power (her belt, bracelets, and lasso) were never stolen by villains in any of the CBS episodes.
Several other changes occurred as the second season progressed. Joe Atkinson (Normann Burton), a weathered IADC agent, was dropped after the ninth episode, as was a regular segment showing Diana, Steve and Joe receiving orders from a "Charlie's Angels"-like character who is heard but never seen. Midway through the season, this was replaced with regular briefings by IRAC (or more familiarly, "Ira"), IADC's super-intelligent computer, who deduces Diana's secret identity. Saundra Sharp joined the cast as Eve, Steve's assistant (the job held by Diana at the start of the season). Near the end of the season, in the episode "IRAC is Missing," a tiny robot called Rover was added for comic relief. An offshoot of IRAC who performs duties such as delivering coffee and sorting mail, Rover speaks with a high-pitched voice, occasionally makes "Beep Beep" sounds (borrowed from the Road Runner cartoon series) and, like IRAC, is aware that Diana Prince and Wonder Woman are one and the same.
The character of Wonder Woman maintained her no-kill policy, although there were exceptions: in the episode "Anschluss '77" she destroys a clone of Adolf Hitler, and another episode made reference to a villain who was believed drowned following a previous unseen encounter with Diana and Wonder Woman.
Multiple costumes are introduced. Wonder Woman still wears the red-white-and-blue cape for special events or appearances from the first season, but without the skirt. A diving costume is introduced; a navy-blue lycra body suit with matching gloves, gold bracelets, flat boots, and a flexible tiara is featured whenever aquatic activity is necessary. The same costume, with low-heeled boots and a gold helmet, is used to ride motorcycles.
Season 3 title card.
With the beginning of the third season, further changes were made to target the show at a teenage audience. The title theme was reworked again to give it a disco beat, the use of gimmicky little robot 'Rover' was increased for comic effect and episodes began to revolve around topical subjects like skateboarding, roller coasters and the environment. Teenagers or young adults were commonly used as main characters in the plot lines. Eve disappeared from the cast although she is mentioned once or twice.
Wonder Woman was also allowed to become a bit more physical in the third season and could now be seen throwing the occasional punch or kicking. The writers also came up with several unusual ways for Diana to execute her spinning transformation, one of the most notable occurring in the episode "Stolen Faces" in which Diana makes the change while falling off a tall building.
Diana's powers were also increased, particularly in the third season episode "Deadly Dolphin" in which she is shown communicating telepathically with animals and generating "bursts" of some sort to scare away a killer shark. The animated stars used before and after commercial breaks were dropped.
The show continued to gather a strong audience. In the final episode produced, the writers attempted a "relaunch" of sorts by having Diana reassigned to the Los Angeles bureau of IADC with a new supporting cast and Steve Trevor, whose presence had decreased throughout the season, was finally written out of the series. This new take on the format lasted for merely a single episode ("The Man Who Could Not Die"), which set up an assortment of new supporting characters, including Bryce Candall, an indestructible man (the titular character of the episode), as well as a streetwise youngster named T. Burton Phipps III who for some unexplained reason is allowed to hang out at the IADC. Also added to the cast was a chimpanzee who like Bryce, is also indestructible.
CBS ultimately decided to strengthen its sitcom offerings and Wonder Woman was suspended from the network schedule, though it was never formally canceled.
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (2009)
Wonder Womanis a 2009 DC Universe Original Animated Movie featuring the origin ofwho is voiced by. The movie is rated PG-13, edited down from the original cut which the MPAA issued an R-rating for in 2009.
On the mystical island of, a proud and fierce warrior race ofhave raised a daughter of untold beauty, grace and strength:. When an Army fighter pilot,, crash-lands on the island, the rebellious and headstrong Diana defies Amazonian law by accompanying Trevor back to civilization. Meanwhile,(the god of War) has escaped his imprisonment at the hands of the Amazonian and has decided to exact his revenge using the mystical “Hand of Rage,” an ancient artifact with the power to raise armies from the dead and infuse them with a thirst for blood. Ares intends to start a world war that will not only last for centuries – but will wipe out every living being on the planet, starting with the Amazons. It is up to Princess Diana to save her people and the world – by using her gifts and becoming the ultimate Wonder Woman.
Wonder Womanwas first screened for a public audience at New York Comic Con during the weekend of February 6, 2009. The film was accompanied by a discussion panel with creators including directorLauren Montgomeryand producerBruce Timm.
The home video was released on March 3, 2009 with the following bonus features:
- Sneak Peaks:Wonder Woman: First Look,Green Lantern: First Look,Batman: Gotham Knight, and.
A May 16, 2017 home video re-release billed as a "Commemorative Edition" added new cover art, a steelbook version of which would be available exclusively at Target. This release includes the same cut of the film, a new sneak peek for the forthcomingBatman and Harley Quinnanimated movie, and one additional new featurette:
1. Comic Book Resourcesby Brandon Staley, March 8, 2017
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (2017)
Wonder Womanis a 2017 film that marks the first solo, theatrically-released film for the character after her debut in.
In present-day Paris, Diana receives a photographic plate from Wayne Enterprises of herself and four men taken during World War I, prompting her to recall her past. The daughter of Queen Hippolyta, Diana is raised on the hidden island of Themyscira, home to the Amazonian women warriors created by Zeus to protect mankind. Hippolyta explains the Amazonian history to Diana, including how Ares became jealous of humanity and orchestrated its destruction. When the other gods attempted to stop him, Ares killed all but Zeus, who used the last of his power to wound Ares and force his retreat. Before dying, Zeus left the Amazons the island and a weapon, the "Godkiller", to prepare them for Ares's return.
Although she initially forbids Diana to be trained as a warrior, Hippolyta reluctantly agrees to let General Antiope, Hippolyta's sister and Diana's aunt, train her, only more rigorously than any other warrior. Diana, now a young woman, rescues US pilot Captain Steve Trevor when his plane crashes off the Themysciran coast. The island is soon invaded by German soldiers that had been pursuing Trevor. The Amazons kill the crew, but Antiope sacrifices herself to save Diana. Steve is interrogated with the Lasso of Hestia and reveals that a great war is consuming the outside world and that he is an Allied spy. He has stolen a notebook of the chief chemist Dr. Isabel Maru, who is attempting to engineer a deadlier form of mustard gas under the orders of General Erich Ludendorff from a weapon facility in the Ottoman Empire. Believing Ares to be responsible for the war, Diana arms herself with the "Godkiller" sword, the lasso, and armor before leaving Themyscira with Steve to locate and stop Ares for good.
In London, they deliver Maru's notebook to the Supreme War Council, where Sir Patrick Morgan is trying to negotiate an armistice with Germany. Diana translates Maru's notes and reveals that the Germans plan to release the deadly gas at the Western Front. Although forbidden by his commander to act, Steve, with secret funding from Morgan, recruits spy Sameer, marksman Charlie, and smuggler Chief Napi to help prevent the gas from being released. The team reaches the front in Belgium. Diana goes alone through No Man's Land and captures the enemy trench, allowing the Allied forces to help her liberate the village of Veld. The team briefly celebrates, taking a photograph in the village, while Diana and Steve begin to develop their own romance.
The team learns that a gala will be held at the nearby German High Command. Steve and Diana separately infiltrate the party, with Steve intending to locate the gas and destroy it, and Diana hoping to kill Ludendorff, believing that he is Ares and thus killing him will end the war. Steve stops her to avoid jeopardizing his mission, but this allows Ludendorff to unleash the gas on Veld, killing its inhabitants. Blaming Steve for intervening, Diana pursues Ludendorff to a base where the gas is being loaded into a bomber aircraft bound for London. Diana fights and kills him, but is confused and disillusioned when his death does not stop the war.
Morgan appears and reveals himself as Ares. He tells Diana that although he has subtly given humans ideas and inspirations, using Ludendorff and Maru as pawns in the process, it is ultimately their decision to resort to violence as they are inherently corrupt. When Diana attempts to kill Ares with the "Godkiller" sword, he destroys it, then reveals to Diana that she is the "Godkiller", as the daughter of Zeus and Hippolyta. He fails to persuade Diana to help him destroy mankind in order to restore paradise on Earth. While the two battle, Steve's team destroys Maru's laboratory. Steve hijacks and pilots the bomber carrying the poison to a safe altitude and detonates it, sacrificing himself. Ares attempts to direct Diana's rage and grief at Steve's death by convincing her to kill Maru, but the memories of her experiences with Steve cause her to realize that humans have good within them. She spares Maru and redirects Ares's lightning into him, killing him for good. Later, the team celebrates the end of the war. In the present day, Diana sends an email to Bruce Wayne thanking him for the photographic plate of her and Steve and continues to fight and give on the world's behalf, understanding that only love can truly save the world.
# Full Cast from Credits
Production Designer Aline Bonetto: "The island was a gift from the gods. They don’t cut into the stone, they use an open cave. They decide to live with nature, using what nature gives to them. These women respect nature… They are not primitive women, these women are educated. It was important for us to have water everywhere. Water is quite feminine in a way. In its movement and in its energy. It’s the symbol of life, and the women respect and protect life."
# Promotional Photos
# November 2016 Trailer
# March 2017 Trailer
1. Los Angeles Timesby Meredith Woerner, April 21, 2017
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (Lynda Carter)
“Go in peace, my daughter, and remember, that in the world of ordinary mortals, you are aWonder Woman”—The Queen,
In 658 BCE(or 58 BCEor 942 CEaccording to various accounts) a once-enslaved race of women from Rome and Greece find a new home on ain the North Atlantic. Theirchristens itParadisebecause there are no men on it. Thus they begin a new life of peace, harmony, and sisterhood. This pure environment allows them to develop their minds and physical skills, unhampered by masculine destructiveness. In 549 BCE,born into this immortal race of Amazons is Diana, first Princess and eldest daughter of the Queen.
More than two millennia pass when United States Army Air Corps Majorparachutes to the shores of Paradise Island after a dogfight with a Nazi pilot. It's 1942 and the world is at war. Near death, Trevor is discovered on the beach by Diana and her friend,Rena. They bring him to the island hospital where the Princess serves as his nurse — a request reluctantly granted by the Queen. When questioned under special serum, Steve reveals thethreat to mankind. He also stirs strange, new feelings within Diana.
The Queen decides that Trevor must be returned to America and plans a tournament of athletic games from which the champion will be charged with taking him back. Diana is eager to participate but the Queen forbids it. The princess enters anyway using a disguise and beats all her sisters except one, her friend, Rena. A final tie-breaking game ofBullets and Braceletsestablishes that Diana is the best of them. She removes the disguise and all are shocked — all but the Queen — who expresses pride in her daughter.
Diana is presented with an indestructible red-white-and-blue costume with a golden eagle bodice and star-spangled shorts — designed by her mother to show allegiance to freedom and democracy. Next, two more magical gifts: the Golden Belt — symbol of Amazon supremacy and source of strength away from Paradise Island; the Golden Lasso possessing the power to compel people to tell the truth. Along with her rubied tiara andFeminumbracelets, they make up theGarb of Justice. "Remember," The Queen tells Diana, "That in the world of ordinary mortals, you are aWonder Woman."
Diana pilots the, delivering Steve Trevor back to America. There, she adopts the secret identity of "Diana Prince," a Navy WAVE, and positions herself as secretary to Trevor who runs's Intelligence office at the War Department. Ignorant of her duel identity, together they face,,, and of course, the evil of the Nazis — including an. Eventually, they help make the Axis fold and war soon comes to end in 1945. Her mission complete, Diana returns home.
But her retirement is short-lived when just three decades later, in a remarkable twist of fate, a distressed plane, carrying thesonof Steve Trevor, lands on Paradise Island. His arrival heralds a new era for Wonder Woman as she learns of a terrorist organization that is trying to destroy all governments. The Queen is vehemently against Diana's return to the outside world but concedes to a vote of confidence by an Amazon council. However, Diana is challenged to the supreme test ofBullets and Braceletsby her cousin,Evadne. Diana wins.
Once again the Queen presents her daughter with the Garb of Justice — updated in design and function; the ruby in the tiara now allows Diana to contact her mother. "Remember," the Queen warns, "In the outside world, without these things that I've given you, you are only an ordinary woman with no special powers." With that, Diana bids farewell to her mother and sister Amazons and returns to America with Steve Trevor, Jr. There, she begins a life full of new adventures as Wonder Woman.
1. in 1942 Wonder Woman states that Amazons have lived [on Paradise Island] in peace and harmony for 26 centuries.
1. In 1942 Drusilla states that it's the two-thousandth anniversary of [the Amazons] arrival on Paradise Island.
1. The Queen states that [Paradise Island] has always been perfect for [the Amazons]; in a thousand years no one has discovered them.
1. In 1977 Wonder Woman states she will be 2,527 years old on her next birthday.
1. Gloria states that Wonder Woman was originally active from 1942 through 1945
- in 1942 Wonder Woman states that Amazons have lived [on Paradise Island] in peace and harmony for 26 centuries.
- In 1942 Drusilla states that it's the two-thousandth anniversary of [the Amazons] arrival on Paradise Island.
- The Queen states that [Paradise Island] has always been perfect for [the Amazons]; in a thousand years no one has discovered them.
- In 1977 Wonder Woman states she will be 2,527 years old on her next birthday.
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (NBC)
In 2011 aWonder Womanpilot was produced for NBC starring Adrianne Palicki as.
In October 2010, Warner Bros. Television announced that writer-producer David E. Kelley was hired to write a newWonder Womantelevision series, with the intention of pitching it to the major networks.The major networks all turned down the series, but NBC, the final network to initially pass on the project, announced that they had ordered a pilot on January 21, 2011. The plot is described as "a reinvention of the iconic D.C. comic in which Wonder Woman -- aka Diana Prince -- is a vigilante crime fighter in L.A. but also a successful corporate executive and a modern woman trying to balance all of the elements of her extraordinary life."On February 16, 2011, it was announced that Adrianne Palicki was selected to play the title role.Elizabeth Hurley will guest star in the pilot as the villain,, potentially recurring, and Tracie Thoms will be a series regular as Diana's personal assistant,.Pedro Pascalwas cast as Inspector Ed Indelicato and Cary Elwes will portray Henry Johns who runs the day-to-day operations of Diana's company.Jeffrey Reiner will direct the pilot.Several weeks later, Justin Bruening was announced as the actor cast to portray, a veteran who now works in the Justice Department and Wonder Woman's former love interest.
## Cast and Characters[]
1. February 16, 2011
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman (disambiguation)
This is a disambiguation page — a list of articles associated with the same title.
### Explore properties

- 
# Wonder Woman v2 219
# "Sacrifice, Part IV of IV"
* Written by
* Pencils: Tom Derenick, Georges Jeanty, Karl Kerschl, David Lopez, Rags Morales
* Inks: Nelson DeCastro, BIT, Bob Petrecca, Mark Propst, Dexter Vines
* Colors: Tanya Horie, Richard Horie
* Written by
* Pencils: Tom Derenick, Georges Jeanty, Karl Kerschl, David Lopez, Rags Morales
* Inks: Nelson DeCastro, BIT, Bob Petrecca, Mark Propst, Dexter Vines
* Colors: Tanya Horie, Richard Horie
- Written by
- Pencils: Tom Derenick, Georges Jeanty, Karl Kerschl, David Lopez, Rags Morales
- Inks: Nelson DeCastro, BIT, Bob Petrecca, Mark Propst, Dexter Vines
- Colors: Tanya Horie, Richard Horie
### Explore properties