Angie YonagaIllustrationSpriteNameKanji夜長 アンジーRomajiYonaga AnjīKatakanaヨナガ アンジーEnglishAngie YonagaTalentEnglishUltimate ArtistKanji超高校級の「美術部」RomajiChō kōkō-kyū no “bijutsu-bu”TranslationSuper High School Level Art Club MemberCharacteristicsGenderFemaleHeight157 cm (JP)5'1" (ENG)Weight41 kg (90 lbs)Birth DateApril 18Chest Size72 cm (28")Blood TypeALikesAvocadosDislikesHumidityStatusDeceasedDebutsGameMangaPortrayalsGames日本語en-US
# —Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony
# —Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony
Angie Yonaga(夜長 アンジー) is a student in theand a participant of thefeatured in. Her title is theArtist(超高校級の「美術部」 lit.Super High School Level Art Club Member).
# Before Joining Danganronpa
# Before Joining Danganronpa
Angie Yonaga was a normal talentless high school girl who participated in the, a famous worldwide reality show made by.
She used to attend(ナンデモカンデモ高校). However, it is unclear if this memory of her is a part of the fabrication made by Team Danganronpa or if it was genuine.
After she successfully participated in the 53rd Killing Game, Angie's memories and past were fabricated by Team Danganronpa as follows:
Angie originates from an island in the center of the ocean where people worship Atua, the God of the Island. The island is described as a paradise. It used to be large, but natural disasters made it smaller. It is overflowing with nature, though some plants are known to attack people, as a result, they are unsure if they even are plants. The locals also have lots of unusual customs, some of them quite unsettling. Notably, they give non-fatal blood sacrifices for their god using human blood, with a sacrifice truck coming around on Mondays and Wednesdays. The locals also use a mail order website called DeepSea to order things like their favorite magazines, food, clothes, medicine, organ meat, blood, and even children. Apparently, this website has improved the everyday lives of the island inhabitants significantly.
While living on the island, Angie was for some reason convinced that she was an oracle receiving divine messages from Atua. She began to control the whole island this way, using Atua's word to make other people do things for her since it was strongly forbidden to go against Atua's word. However, it's heavily implied that most of it was simply Angie's own wishes, but she was unable to tell the difference and assumed they were orders from Atua. It's implied that she suffered from loneliness, and sometimes ordered people to have big festivals.
#### The Gofer Project[]
Part of the fake backstories created for Angie and the other fifteen students was The Gofer Project, which supposedly happened before the Killing Game started. It was initiated by heads of nations from all over the world after countless meteorites crashed into Earth, spreading a deadly virus all throughout the atmosphere. To try and preserve the last vestiges of mankind before the Earth’s destruction, the government decided to select sixteen talented students chosen by the Ultimate Initiative that also somehow happened to be immune to the virus, put them in a spaceship colony, and have them escape before the Earth's destruction. Angie was among these sixteen individuals.
Despite being chosen to be a participant, Angie and the other fifteen participants had no intentions of going along with the plan, not wanting to abandon their loved ones. As a result, Angie chose to forget about her Ultimate talent and decided to live as a normal high school student.
Around that time an extremist cult came into power. They believed that the meteorites were a punishment humanity brought upon itself, and having heard of The Gofer Project, tried to stop it. As a result, thestarted and spread throughout the world, and the sixteen students selected for the Gofer Project were hunted down.
The government then decided to counter the situation by faking the students' deaths, calming down the Ultimate Hunt while providing protection to the students. The Gofer Project was then put into action while the Earth was being destroyed by meteorites. Angie and the others went to space in the massive ark, the true form of Ultimate Academy of Gifted Juveniles, and were put to a cold sleep for several decades.
Much later on in Chapter 5, after the remaining participants cleared the,lied about being the mastermind of the Killing Game and that he was the leader of the cult bent on stopping the Gofer Project. He also lied about being the one who letenter the spaceship, which effectively forced Angie and the others to participate in the Killing School Semester. All of this was done in order to get everyone to fall into so much despair that they would not continue the Killing Game.
However, the true Mastermind, in order to get the remaining survivors at the time to continue the Killing Game, decided to connect everyone's memories of The Gofer Project to the story of. As a result, the true Mastermind prepared athat tricked the remaining participants into thinking that everyone, including those that had died, was actually students of the rebuilt Hope's Peak Academy. They also remembered that the ones behind The Gofer Project were, the headmaster of the rebuilt Hopes Peak Academy, and the. This Flashback light also revealed that the cult bent on stopping The Gofer Project were actually theand that Kokichi was their leader. This lie filled everyone with the determination needed to stop the despair they were faced with.
In the Mastermind's rush, they accidentally overlooked slight inconsistencies and plot holes when linking both stories together, such as "Ultimate Despair" only referring to, and thatwas trapped by the Ultimate Despair when they had actually locked themselves within the school in order to shelter themselves from the tragedy outside.
While Angie did remember about the Ultimate Hunt in Chapter 2 and hers and everyone else's funeral in Chapter 3 thanks to the Flashback Light's, Angie ultimately has no complete recollection of the event, as she was murdered before she actually received a complete memory of The Gofer Project by the Flashback Light in Chapter 5.
Angie was among the first fourteen people gathered in the gymnasium beforeandarrived. Just like everyone else, Angie was confused and frightened about their current predicament. Once thearrived and revealed themselves from within their, they gave the sixteen participants their Ultimate wardrobe, and their first memory via the Flashback Light. Angie and the other fifteen talentless students underwent the fabrication process, where all of their past memories and personalities were heavily fabricated. She also received the talent and title of Ultimate Artist. All of this was done for the sake of satisfying Danganronpa's audience from all over the world. After the fabrication process was completed, Angie and the others entered theas totally different people, officially commencing the 53rd Killing Game season known as the Killing School Semester.
Angie was later found around the Altar of Judgement by Kaede and Shuichi and introduced herself cheerfully to the duo. She told her about the god of her island, Atua, and how all art she creates is an offering to her god. When Angie stated that a truck would come every Monday and Wednesday morning to collect "offerings", Kaede commented that that sounded very similar to taking out the trash for pickup. Kaede grew more worried when Angie said that what she meant by "offering" was just a pint or two of her blood. Kaede politely declined, so Angie asked Shuichi instead, saying that boy's blood works as an offering as well. Shuichi ran away, frightened.
Angie would later gather with everyone else in the gymnasium after the Monokuma Kubs made their announcement. While some of the students were worried, Angie tried to reassure everyone that Atua would watch over them and keep them safe with minimal results. Afterward, the Monokuma Kubs and Monokuma, the Monokuma Kubs' father and the self-appointed headmaster of the Ultimate Academy for Gifted Juveniles, arrived and announced that they would be participating in a Killing Game, much to almost everyone's shock and horror. With that, the Killing School Semester had officially begun.
#### Attempting the Death Road of Despair[]
After Monokuma officially started the Killing Game, Angie read the rules on her Monopad and was immediately curious about the sixth regulation, "The Killing Game and class trials will continue until only two surviving students remain". Shuichi replied by saying that it's most likely because you can't have a trial with only two people. A majority of the group wasn't sure what to do after reading these rules and began to panic. Thanks to Kaede's motivational argument, the panic died down and everyone seemed to become united. Afterward,, the Ultimate Entomologist, then remembered that he found a manhole inside the boiler room behind the school building. Angie along with everyone else immediately followed Gonta's lead, with a hope of finding a way out, praying to Atua to give them strength.
Descending the manhole, Angie and the others found a tunnel leading outside of the academy. Though everyone thought that the tunnel probably ended up being a trap, they still had to test every single possibility in order to escape. However, Angie and the others exhausted themselves both physically and mentally as they found that escaping through Death Road of Despair is next to impossible. Due to this, Kokichi Oma, the Ultimate Supreme Leader, revolted, saying that Kaede's repeated motivational speech is the source of the group's agony, added by some of her friends giving up on escaping the tunnel, Angie included, the group's harmony came to a swift end. The tunnel ended up being a trap set by Monokuma and the Monokuma Kubs, much to everyone's dismay. Despite the group's failure and her own exhaustion, Angie could remain cheerful and was simply relieved that nobody was seriously injured. Afterward, Angie went to her dorm room to rest along with everyone else.
#### The First and Additional Motive[]
After the first motive and additional motives are presented, the First Blood Perk and the time limit, Angie doesn't seem to be bothered by it, saying that Atua will watch over and protect everybody. She didn't do anything notable in anticipating the time limit, only praying to her heart's content because if she prays harder, she'll get a promotion to become a platinum disciple in her religion. During the morning of the next day, Angie tried to convince, the Ultimate Magician, to believe in Atua, much to's, the Ultimate Aikido Master's annoyance and jealousy. Himiko declined, saying that believing in Atua sounds like "too much of a pain". Tenko ecstatically said that Himiko should believe in Neo Aikido instead, but the magician stated that that was a pain as well.
On the morning of the final day of the time limit, Shuichi and Kaede, who planned to pick up the hidden cameras from, the Ultimate Inventor, that they had requested from her yesterday, ran into Angie and discovered that there was a fight in the dining hall. Kaede split up from Shuichi and joined Angie in checking out the dining hall. Once there, both girls bore witness to's, the's and's, the Ultimate Tennis Pro's, quarrel and learned that Ryoma was willing to let himself be killed so that everyone else could survive. Kaede tried to reason with him, but Ryoma believed there was no more time left for idealism. Angie didn't do anything notable to defuse the situation, just listened as Ryoma was convinced by Rantaro to not go through with this idea, stating that he would end the Killing Game himself and warned him to not do anything unnecessary.
That evening, as the time limit was drawing closer to its end,, the Ultimate Astronaut, asked Angie to join his strategy meeting, believing that Atua might prove useful for fighting against Monokuma. Kaito, Angie, Himiko, Tenko, Rantaro, Gonta, and, the Ultimate Child Caregiver, headed down to the game room in the basement to conduct their strategy meeting. Not long after however, Rantaro excused himself to go to the restroom while actually going to investigate the library, knowing of the secret room thanks to his Survivor Perk Monopad. Kaito and Tenko would also leave the game room and join Kaede and Shuichi in storming the library, only to find the bookcase in the back of the room closing and Rantaro's corpse not far away from it.
Tenko's scream alerted the remaining people in the game room and they came rushing in. Angie did not seem that surprised that Rantaro had been killed, simply stating that it was "unfortunate". Gonta asked her how she could remain so calm at the sight of a corpse and so much blood. As everyone pondered what was going on, the body discovery announcement played and eventually everyone was in the library.
Even during the investigation, Angie didn't seem to particularly care about searching for clues and instead, prayed for Rantaro's well-being in the afterlife. Tenko watched her the entire time, baffled as to how she could remain so cheerful during this life-threatening situation.
#### The First Class Trial[]
During the Class Trial, Angie, as per usual, remained her bright and cheery self throughout the entire time. She encouraged Gonta to argue when, the Ultimate Maid, suspected him, much to Miu's annoyance. When everyone was wondering how the culprit could have avoided being caught by the cameras, Angie deduced that the culprit was hiding in the hidden room all along and that that was what Atua had told her. Despite this, she was quickly disproven after Kaede made it apparent that the hidden door was never used because the dust that Shuichi placed in the card reader slot was still there. Though no one realized it at the time, Angie was secretly right, as thewatched everything from the hidden room and killed Rantaro themselves before forging the evidence and making it seem as if Kaede's plan had succeeded and that she had killed him unintentionally.
Later on during the trial, when everyone was split on whether or not to vote Shuichi as the culprit due to his silence about the camera intervals, Angie was on the side that defended him despite her asking if he was really okay with being the culprit prior. After Shuichi was cleared of blame by Kaede and he accused her of being the culprit, wanting to carry on her wish, Angie simply listened him explain his side of the argument. Then, after Kaede's, Angie did the same thing she did after Rantaro died. She prayed that Atua would grant Kaede a peaceful rest. Miu asked her how anybody could rest peacefully after being killed in such a horrific way. In the end, everyone but Shuichi and Kaito left the trial grounds and returned to their dorm rooms.
#### Exploring the Rest of the Academy[]
The morning of the next day, Angie along with everyone else would gather in the dining hall once again and have a normal, but forced the conversation to try and make themselves not think about the horrible events that transpired yesterday. Afterward, the Monokuma Kubs showed up and handed out four random items that the students could use to unlock more areas in the academy.
One of the areas that would become unlocked would be the remaining second floor of the school, where an obvious treasure chest was waiting in the middle of the hallway next to Gonta's. Angie noticed it first but wanted Shuichi to open it first. Once he did, they discovered an odd flashlight of sorts. Angie tried to persuade Shuichi to turn it on, but he declined, saying that if she wanted it to be turned on, she should do it herself. Angie decided to meet her halfway, take the flashlight, and inspect it herself before running off somewhere. Later on, after Shuichi finished discovering all the new locations around the school, Angie told everyone to meet in the gymnasium, seemingly failing in discovering anything about the conspicuous flashlight. After everyone had gathered, Monokuma appeared and told everyone that it was a Flashback Light and that it had the ability to restore lost memories before leaving and letting the students decide what to do with it. Although everyone was skeptical at first, they eventually gave in and used it, allowing everyone, Angie included, to remember that they had been on the run from the "Ultimate Hunt". Though they could not remember the exact details and circumstances behind it, just that they had been on the run.
In a bonus scene in Chapter 2, Angie joined Tenko, Himiko, Kirumi, Shuichi, and, the Ultimate Robot, for Tenko's "celebrity-like vacation" in the pool area.
#### The Motive Videos[]
During that same night, the Monokuma Kubs prepared the second motive, distributing various motive videos at random while the students slept. The next morning, Angie joined everyone in the dining hall in order to discuss what to do with the motive videos. Despite Ryoma suggesting that they exchange them, wanting to see who could be the most important person in his life, everyone rejected the idea, afraid that it would cause another murder to happen, much to his annoyance. Once Tenko tried to goad Himiko into enjoying a tripe hot pot, wanting to get closer to her, Angie told her that she doesn't get it and that Himiko isn't hungry. Nevertheless, everyone has tripe hot pot for breakfast
#### Befriending Himiko[]
The next morning, everyone gathered in the dining hall once again, only to notice that Angie and Himiko were both praying to Atua, much to Tenko's shock and jealousy. Angie stated that Himiko had abandoned reality to speak to Atua. Tenko accused her of brainwashing Himiko, only for Angie to correct her, saying that she had undone Himiko's brainwashing. Despite this, Tenko still urged Himiko to get a hold of herself, only for Angie to instill her and Atua's authority into Himiko further by pulling her into a hug. Angie stated that she understood Himiko and that she wasn't scared, just sad, that she has no one to confide her anxieties too. She reassured Himiko that she wasn't alone and that a handsome god was watching over her. With that, Himiko didn't seem scared anymore and Angie praised Atua once again.
Angie then passes on Atua's "divine message" to everyone else in the dining hall, saying that the academy suffers from the same sins as the outside world and that the only reason everyone is unhappy is because their greed is making them treat each other like adversaries. She proposes that everyone cast aside their greed and live within the academy in a peaceful harmony with divine purpose, turning the academy into "heaven on earth". She states that if they do this, their desire to leave will vanish, and in turn, the killings will also cease. This proposal baffled nearly everyone but Himiko, who stated that Atua's divine messages are never wrong. With Angie's advice, her and Himiko decide to hold a magic show the next morning in order to get everyone to forget about their desire to leave before leaving the dining hall in order to begin the preparations.
#### Gonta's Insect Meet and Greet[]
Angie and Himiko remained in the gym throughout the entire day preparing for their magic show with some help from the others, like Kaito. Angie also asked Kirumi to sew the curtains for their show, completely unaware that Kirumi had ulterior motives while she prepared in the gym. Unbeknownst to them, Gonta, thanks to Kokichi's lies, believed that everyone hated bugs and began kidnapping various students into his research lab in order to get them to like bugs. In reality, Kokichi simply wanted to get everyone to watch their motive videos in order make the Killing Game "more interesting". Angie and Himiko were standing watch just outside the gym when Gonta found them and brought them to his lab, being the last two he had brought after Shuichi, Tenko, K1-B0,, the Ultimate Cosplayer,, the Ultimate Anthropologist were detained. Not long after they were brought there, the Insect Meet and Greet began and everyone panicked as insects began to buzz about and wreck havoc. In order to finally end this absurdity, K1-B0 used his recording function in order to convince Gonta that Kokichi had tricked him, much to his anger. With that, Angie and everyone else barring Gonta and Kokichi took back their motive videos before immediately leaving Gonta's lab, then heading to bed.
#### The Amazing Himiko's Magic Show[]
The very next morning, Angie and Himiko began their magic show, with everyone from Gonta's Insect Meet and Great attending, bar Kokichi. Angie thanked Atua for being with them today, much to Tenko's chagrin, who stated that she should be thanking them first for even showing up. Ignoring Tenko's comment, Angie explained the details of Himiko's trick before the Ultimate Magician jumped into the tank, having only a single minute to escape the water tank before the tank would fill with piranhas. Angie closed the curtains, but everyone grew increasingly worried as the timer continued to count down and Himiko had yet to come out. Gonta couldn't take it anymore and stormed the stage, wanting to save Himiko before the piranhas would fill the tank, much to Angie's disappointment. Once the timer ran out, the piranhas dropped into the tank along with some other large object, though Himiko had yet to come out of the tank. Tenko begged Angie to open the curtains, a plea that she promptly responded to by revealing the tank, however, no one was prepared for what they were about to see. Ryoma's lifeless, handcuffed body drifted within the tank, only have a couple seconds before the piranha's stripped the flesh from his bone, leaving nothing more than a skeleton, the handcuff's, and his belongings behind. With that, the second investigation had begun.
During the investigation, Shuichi asked Angie if she had any idea how Himiko's trick worked, wanting to understand just how Ryoma could have been killed. Angie wasn't able to help Shuichi in this regard but did claim that she thought that there were more piranha's in the overhanging tank than there was last night. In reality, there weren't actually more piranha's, they were just crammed together thanks to the glass pane that divided the fish from Ryoma's lifeless body.
#### The Second Class Trial[]
As the Class Trial began, Angie was quick to suspect Himiko despite how close they had supposedly become. This outraged Tenko greatly, stating that if they were really friends that Angie should believe in Himiko. Angie countered this and stated that she's simply telling them what Atua is telling her and that they should be thankful lest he pours his holy wrath upon them all. Despite Himiko's commitment to her magic act, she was eventually cleared of suspicion thanks to Shuichi's efforts.
Later, when everyone was wondering just when Ryoma could have been killed after hearing Maki's testimony, Angie was on the side saying that he was killed during nighttime. As the trial progressed, Shuichi was able to pin Kirumi as the culprit of Ryoma's murder. Angie didn't seem as if she cared at all despite not even hearing her testimony. After all the evidence was pinned on Kirumi and she admitted to her crime, Angie asked her if her devotion to the group was simply her trying to manipulate them all so that she could get away with murder. Kirumi wasn't sure how to respond to everyone asking her why she killed Ryoma, and so the Monokuma Kubs showed everyone her motive video, revealing that she was the de facto prime minister of all Japan and that her most important person was every citizen of the country. Kirumi refused to give up on life and made a mad, undignified run for it, but wasnonetheless. While everyone was shocked by her awful death, Angie didn't seem to care. She viewed Kirumi as a traitor to the group for letting her greed overcome her and as a result, began to plan for ways to unify the group further, Himiko only being the first one she would influence.
#### Angie's Research Lab[]
The next morning, at Kokichi's request after unveiling Maki's true talent the night prior, Angie along with everyone else barring Maki paid a visit to the "Ultimate Child Caregiver's Research Lab" only to discover various weapons all throughout the lab, proving that Maki was, in fact, the Ultimate Assassin, not a child caregiver. As everyone pondered what to do, Angie stated that she would work with everyone in order to uphold the peace, with Himiko still supporting her. After the Monokuma Kubs showed up, usurped their father as headmaster, and passed out more items for the students to unlock new areas within the academy, Angie became excited at the thought of having more places to enrich their lives.
One of the places that became unlocked was the eerie fourth floor, which just so happened to contain Angie's Research Lab. When Shuichi and Kokichi attempted to open it, they found that it was locked. The Ultimate Supreme Leader was about to pick the lock before Angie, who was already in her lab, unlocked it from the inside and greeted them. Angie happily invited the duo in, her lab contained various art and carving tools, including large lumps of wax that Angie would make use of later. As Shuichi pondered why Angie's lab would have a lock, the Monokuma Kubs showed up and explained that Angie is the kind of girl who can't focus on her artwork unless she was alone, a claim that the Ultimate Artist promptly acknowledged. The Monokuma Kubs knowing so much about Angie made her a bit suspicious, as all the tools in the lab were even her favorites. She asked the Kubs how they knew so much about her, to whichresponded by saying that they knew everything about them because they wanted to be their friends, much to the students' skepticism. As the Monokuma Kubs prepared to hand Angie the key to her lab, Monodam took it and swallowed it, claiming that it could assist in a murder. Because of this, Angie's lab could no longer be locked from the outside, though she didn't seem to particularly mind as she would only ever need to lock it when she was inside anyway.
Later on, Angie would gather with everyone else in the dining hall in order to inspect the new Flashback Light that Shuichi found. Upon using it, everyone remembered what seemed to be their own funeral, much to the student's confusion. Kaito reassured everyone that there's no way the funeral could be real considering they were all still here and alive. His small speech seemed to work, as everyone perked back up, enjoyed a small meal, then headed back to their dorms.
#### Angie's Student Council[]
Angie gathered with everyone in the gymnasium the very next morning at the Monokuma Kubs request. The participants were presented with the third motive, the Necronomicon, and were told that they would be able to bring back someone who had died already as a transfer student. This motive baffled the students, saying that there's no way the dead could come back to life. However, Angie seemed to embrace the motive, saying the "corpses" so far may have just been very accurate imitations to make the real people seem dead. Some of the students argued that there's no way that's possible, but Gonta said that more letters were added to the rock in the courtyard, deducing that perhaps the four people who had died are actually alive and wrote that message. Angie praised Gonta and, like Himiko before him, pulled him into a hug. She instilled her and Atua's authority into him by reassuring him that he's not alone and that Atua is like a gentle grandmother that always keeps him safe, effectively playing off of Gonta's desire for a motherly figure.
Angie then said that Gonta should join the student council, wanting to make Gonta feel needed. Tsumugi and Himiko both requited this feeling. As a result, the Ultimate Entomologist did not hesitate for even a second if it meant he could be useful to everyone and joined Angie's group. Shuichi however, was confused as to what Angie meant by "student council", but K1-B0 replied by saying that Angie summoned himself, Himiko, Tenko, and Tsumugi last night in order to discuss how to eradicate the Killing Game. As a result, this group of students ended up forming the "Ultimate Academy Student Council" with Angie as their president. The "brainwashed" members listen to Angie completely and without question, stating that her will is Atua's will and as a result, she cannot be wrong. Angie took the Necronomicon and told everyone else to "leave it to the student council".
In reality, Angie's attempts to unify the group with her student council only ended up causing discord between the student council and the non-student council members. That night the student council ridiculed Maki for being out at nighttime, saying that nighttime activities should be limited in order to prevent another murder like Kirumi's. The very next morning, the two split parties came into conflict yet again after finding out that the student council had blocked off the manhole in the boiler room with a large rock. Angie even goes as far as to destroy a Flashback Light from the Monokuma Kubs, wanting to quell any desire to leave no matter the cost.
#### The Summoning Ritual[]
Despite their extreme methods, Angie's student council had no malicious intent for the group as a whole, only wishing to stop another murder from happening by whatever means necessary. Despite this, the students not in the student council began to view Angie's measures as going too far, which Tenko realized immediately. In reality, Tenko was never "brainwashed" by Angie but simply joined the student council in order to protect Himiko.
That same night, when Maki and Shuichi met up to train, Tenko begged the duo to join her in stopping Angie from going through with the ritual. They complied and headed up to the Ultimate Artist's Research Lab, only to find that Angie had made wax effigies of the past four victims in preparations for the ritual within the Necronomicon. Shuichi, Maki, and Tenko tried to convince Angie, saying that there's no way any of them could still be alive and that no matter how hard you fake a death, it is impossible to fake a soul grasping and struggling for life. Angie seemed to comply considering the Ultimate Assassin, who specialized in murder, agreed with Shuichi on this. But this only made her think that the ritual must actually be able to bring the dead back to life. As a result, they ended up failing to convince Angie to not go through with the ritual, and the trio begrudgingly left her lab, only to run into Himiko outside. As it turns out, Angie already knew that Tenko had betrayed the student council, but seemingly didn't hold it against her.
However, Angie would never end up completing her ritual. That same night at around 2 A.M., Angie headed to one of the empty side rooms on the fourth floor to get a candle that she could burn the Necronomicon with, which would complete the ritual and seemingly "resurrect" a deceased classmate. However, out of sheer bad luck, she walked in on Korekiyo sawing the floor in one of the vacant rooms, preparing for what would later on be Tenko's murder. This left Korekiyo with no other choice but to knock Angie in the back of the head with the same floorboard he was sawing while she was distracted, knocking her unconscious.
He then taped over the wound to avoid any blood leaking out while he carried her from the empty room to her Research Lab, then he proceeded to head back to his own research lab to get a. He then walked back to Angie's lab and stabbed into the back of her neck, finally killing her. To attempt to give himself an alibi, he attempted to create a locked room mystery after hanging all the wax effigies from the ceiling around Angie's body.
However, he failed to remove or dispose of the piece of bloody tape under Angie's body, or the bloodstain on the floorboard he used to knock her out, which would, later on, become key pieces of evidence used to find him guilty of Angie's murder in the trial later on.
The next morning, Shuichi, Maki, and Tenko headed to Angie's lab to try and convince her once again. They discovered Himiko outside of her lab, claiming that Angie wouldn't come out no matter how many times she knocked on the door. This worried Shuichi greatly, but Kokichi overheard the situation and used his lock-picking skills to break into Angie's lab. Shuichi's worries are confirmed as Angie's corpse laid in the center of the four wax effigies in a pool of her own blood.
Everyone gathered in Angie's research lab following the body discovery announcement. All the student council members mourned her passing, wondering just how and why she was killed. Korekiyo suggested that they perform a seance to commune with Angie's spirit, ultimately leading to Tenko's murder in the middle of the seance.
#### The Third Class Trial[]
Himiko was increasingly more agitated during this trial that she had been in any of the previous trials due to losing two people who considered her a friend and never being able to properly requite those feelings to them, especially to Tenko. Angie's murder had to inevitably be put to the side in order to discuss Tenko's murder, but as it turns out, her murder led to valuable clues that would help Shuichi pin Korekiyo as the culprit of both of their murders, much to the outrage of almost everyone in the trial, wondering why the Ultimate Anthropologist would murder two of their friends.
Following the trial's conclusion, Korekiyo revealed himself to be a serial killer whose goal was to grant his deceased sister one-hundred female friends in the afterlife and that he was very close to that number. He claimed that every girl in the school barring Miu and Maki had the potential to become "friends" for his sister. Himiko however, could not accept this explanation, angrily asking why Angie and Tenko had to die for something so unfair. Korekiyo replied that there is no such thing as a death that can be accepted and wondered how they all would live a life that faced death before being dragged to his.
Afterward, Himiko desperately tried to keep it together, but with Kokichi's persuasion, and remembering Tenko's last words to her, finally broke down in tears, crying out that she missed both Angie and Tenko but couldn't go to where they were yet. In the end, regardless of Angie's extreme intentions, Himiko still considered her a dear friend and along with Tenko, would remain on her mind throughout the entirety of the Killing Game.
## Creation and Development[]
Angieis a common diminutive for several English names based on the word "angel" - e.g. "Angela", "Angeline", etc. Her name could be a reference to her belief that she is her god's (Atua) medium. While her last name kanji 夜長yonaga, means "a long night".
### Alternate Fates[]
In, Angie met Kaede andin the middle of the hallway, in front of the door led to the dormitory. She introduced herself as the Ultimate Artist and asked Kaede to make a blood offering for her God, Atua, which made Kaede a little bit anemic. She later participated in the Class Trial to discover the killer of.
Angie has dark skin and round, blue eyes the color of the ocean. Her hair is a pale platinum blonde that looks nearly white and is loosely tied into two wavy ponytails by small, thin hair bands. There are three dots surrounding her belly button, and it is very likely that they are small, silver bead piercings, but could also be a tattoo.
She wears a white, frilly bikini top, the frills a very pale blue, presumably matching bikini bottoms under the blue skirt with white frills sewn to the bottom of it and a blue bow at the waistband. On top of her skirt, she wears a pink utility belt which holds her carving tools and paintbrushes. Angie wears a yellow smock which reaches below her knees, sleeves loose and wide as they stop before her wrists. Her smock has black symbols on her shoulders, the insignia of her previous high school. Her shoes are simple white slip-ons with light grey soles.
Angie wears a white beaded bracelet on her left wrist, as well as another one on her right ankle. She also wears a white pearled necklace with a seashell in the middle of it.
In the prologue, Angie wears her school uniform consisting of a white dress shirt, a red ribbon, a dark blue sweater, a gray blazer, a matching pleated skirt, white socks, and brown loafers.
Angie is very spiritual, believing Atua is always at her side. She has a pious heart, likes praying, has firm faith in her god, and is very willing to help and assist other people with spiritual matters. Angie often searches for things to offer as blood sacrifices, somewhat creepily talks about her need for blood, and asks other students to provide her with some. She also has a habit of speaking on behalf of Atua, and strangely these words can sometimes turn out to be very truthful. As another eccentric habit, she freely uses her own original Japanese, like "Bye-yonara" or "strange miracle," which shows a little bit of her artistic side. Similar to, she also calls everyone by their first names in the Japanese version, which is considered eccentric since Japanese acquaintances typically refer to each other with their last names instead of their first names. However, in Angie's case, this seems to be because she's not a Japan-native.
Considered the quirkiest character in the series by her voice actress,Angie is a positive, but quite a strange person who does things her own way. She is notably energetic and cheerful, almost always having an excited and wide smile, even when everyone else is serious. Due to her strong faith in Atua, she is unusually calm and unfazed, to the point of appearing unnaturally cheerful and out of touch with reality. She isn't even afraid of death as she believes that Atua would welcome her in the afterlife and, for similar reasons, tells the others not to worry about dying. In Chapter 2, she even mentions that Atua loves Monokuma because he loves all of his creations. She even appears to cheer excitedly when she sees other students fighting. When she loses during the, she is heard laughing and giggling cheerfully, contrasting the despairing and pained voices of the other characters. When everyone else gives up on the escape game in low spirits, she is just glad that nobody has been seriously hurt, thanks to Atua. She doesn't fear being surrounded by massive amounts of insects either, as she claims she is used to seeing them on her home island. Using Atua's instructions as guidance behind her words and actions, she never hesitates. She is also quick to tell the other students that Atua will punish them and all their relatives if they disagree with her on religious or other matters, smiling passively-aggressively the whole time. This, along with her liking for blood sacrifices, can sometimes make her look terrifying.
Being the Ultimate Artist, Angie can skillfully work with drawings, sculptures, and other things, but she is known to say that Atua is the one who is really creating everything. She is simply lending her body, describing the experience as if she's being "possessed by her muse." Angie demands to be alone whenever she makes her art, but it's said that she indeed does appear as if she's possessed. It's been implied that her artwork can strongly affect other people's will and minds, to the point of resembling brainwashing, as shown in herwith Shuichi.
Interestingly, Angie seems to be a logical person when it comes to murder. To the point, she often becomes patronizing when others make mistakes. Even though Angie formed a bond with Himiko in Chapter 2, she immediately accused her of being Ryoma's killer when evidence showed Himiko could be the killer. Angie stated that she needed to do so because she didn't want her classmates to die due to choosing the wrong culprit. In similar situations, she is seen eagerly accusing suspicious students without mercy and cheerfully encourages them to use counter-arguments. This character trait of her contrasts with Tenko, who always believed in and protected Himiko until the end.
Angie's notable trait is how she always puts herself before others. While she can mean well and fully believes in her religion, she can use it to manipulate others to do things for her, claiming it's what Atua wants, and people get punished if they don't obey. She is used to getting what she wants this way back on her island and thus dislikes it when people do not listen to her. She sometimes tries to convert others to her religion, though she seems to give up if she notices it won't have any effect and only seems passive-aggressive at most. However, she is an extremely skilled manipulator and is somehow able to deduce other people's weaknesses and exactly the kind of support each person needs. She then offers Atua to them, as she believes that he is the only true God and that his form changes according to the feelings of whoever sees him, which in her opinion, explains the multiple Gods people around the world believe in. For example, for Gonta, it would be a "gentle grandma," and for Himiko, a "handsome guy." Whenever others accuse her of brainwashing, she claims that, on the contrary, she undoes the brainwashing of others by making them believe.
It should be noted that while she is very manipulative and selfish, Angie does not appear to be intentionally malicious, and she often genuinely wants to encourage and guide others through her words. She planned to make the academy environment "heaven on earth" so people wouldn't have the will to escape and start the Killing Game. After finding out that Tenko betrayed her, she didn't really mind and immediately forgave her and simply encouraged her to be better in the future.
In her Free Time Events, it's confirmed that she is convinced she is an oracle who receives divine messages. Because of this, she has difficulties differentiating Atua's intentions from hers, which explains parts of her behavior. According to Shuichi's assumptions, her problem might be that she gets lonely easily and is convinced that other people and Atua will do anything for her. After Shuichi gets angry with her during their Free Time Events, Angie is impressed by this because, on her home island, people never disobey her. As a result, Angie realizes her interest in Shuichi is her own and not because of Atua, and for the first time, she has a chance to speak her own mind. She wishes to make Shuichi her husband, shown in how she glomps him and occasionally does or says something suggestive, but he is very hesitant because they are still so young and don't even know each other very well. During Angie's graduation event in the bonus mode, after she hears Shuichi's reasoning about not getting married right away and getting to know each other better at first, she is silent for a moment and then cheerfully answers that it's okay, tooーthis shows that she is willing to listen to her significant other's opinions, despite usually appearing interested only in her own.
Due to the customs of her home island, Angie is also shown to have quite different views on sexuality. She has a quite poor understanding of personal space and can even begin to undress other people in public if she is interested in them. This is also seen in the Chapter 3 bonus event. When the girls are in the dressing room, Angie is cheerfully surprised by how large Tsumugi's breasts are and want to touch themーthough, she at least has the courtesy to ask Tsumugi if she would mind that. It's also indicated that on Angie's home island, people do rituals in which multiple people engage in sexual acts together. Thus Angie wouldn't mind such situations and, in fact, looks forward to her coming-of-age ceremony, which is heavily implied to be group sex between all the participants. She also claims that guests will "share" the bride during weddings, and in general, she appears to have a very nonchalant view of marriage, willing to make such decisions on a whim. As a result, Angie doesn't seem to fully understand how consent sometimes works, as some sexual rituals on her island are considered obligatory parts of celebrations or pleasing other people. For some reason, she tends to refer to sexual situations as "exercising" and "workouts."
### Ultimate Artist[]
Angie's talent as the Ultimate Artist is a fabrication made by Team Danganronpa. Due to that fact, it is unclear whether Angie is a skilled artist in the past.
Angie is shown creating a detailed, wooden statue in her promotional work. She is also shown wearing a utility belt filled with carving tools which may imply carving is her main skill. Besides sculptures, she can work with drawings. She tends to give the credit to Atua, who in her opinion is the one who really creates everything.
Angie is capable of craving replica from wax as shown in Chapter 3 where she created Kaede, Ryoma, Rantaro, and Kirumi's perfect and extremely detail replica. Shuichi noted that Kaede's wax "size" has the same size as the original.
In her Free Time Events, it's heavily implied that her artwork can strongly affect the viewer's mind.
### Supernatural Abilities[]
Angie fully believes herself to be an oracle of Atua, though it hasn't been fully explained why. While most situations concerning her abilities are very ambiguous and many of her beliefs seem misguided, there have been a few situations which heavily imply that she does possess some form of actual supernatural abilities, similar to.
During Chapter 1's trial, she claims through "Atua's divine logic" that the culprit hid inside a secret room in the library and used it to commit their crime. Nobody believes the claim and Kaede is voted and executed as the culprit. Much later in Chapter 6, it is revealed that Angie's claim was exactly correct and that the true culprit was Tsumugi. Another example, is when she claimed that Atua said the culprit used a secret passage, that was proven to be correct in Chapter 6.
Angie's art skills also appear supernatural. Whenever she creates her art, she appears to be in a genuine trance, and she claims she is controlled by Atua during such moments. It is also shown that her art has the power to strongly affect other people's minds, similar to's brainwashing techniques. When Shuichi looks at one of her drawings, his face appears horrified and he completely loses consciousness almost instantly. Angie claims it's a common reaction and that only Atua's "chosen ones" can look at the drawing without fainting.
She is implied to have other brainwashing abilities that also appear supernatural. In Chapters 2 and 3, she convinces some other students to join her Student Council. The process includes giving the other person a hug while describing their ideal form of Atua to them in a gentle voice. The person then appears almost hypnotized and becomes instantly loyal to Angie. Strangely, Angie is capable of describing the others' ideal persons in great detail despite seemingly having no way to actually know any of thatーFor Gonta, it would be a "gentle grandma" and for Himiko, a "handsome guy".
#### In other languages[]
Angie's talent as it appears in official translations ofDanganronpamaterial.
Though appearing uninterested and lazy at first, making comments about how Atua is "suspicious", and is off-put by Angie's cheerful personality, Himiko quickly becomes close friends with Angie in Chapter 2 and converting into her religion to worship Atua, which she believes assists her, and stated by Angie, a very "handsome god". This makes Tenko upset and very jealous of how close they've become, overprotective of Himiko and disliking Angie. Angie describes Himiko as a "good girl and fast learner".
However, the other students, mostly Tenko, are disturbed by their bond, which appears to be a result of brainwashing. They all believe that Himiko goes with what Angie says rather easily, despite being near-exact opposites. Shuichi even makes a comment before Himiko performs her magic trick, pointing out that she doesn't go along with Angie's jokes, as usual, being so nervous to perform.
Himiko is shown to trust and like Angie very much, and Angie even assists Himiko with making a magic show the show off her talent, which was Angie's idea. Unfortunately, the show is quickly jeopardized by Ryoma's murder.
Despite their bond, Angie goes to immediately accuse Himiko of being Ryoma's killer when there was evidence that showed Himiko was capable of being the killer. When Tenko asks her why she's so quick to throw her friend under the bus, Angie states casually that she only needed to do so because she didn't want her classmates to die due to choosing the wrong culprit, especially seeing as Himiko was most suspicious at the time. Himiko doesn't blame Angie for this, as she is extremely trusting of her and Atua's logic, which baffles Tenko greatly.
Because of how suspicious and unsettling Angie is with the others, including her bond with Himiko, Tenko later joins her Student Council to be with Himiko and protect her, and later betrays Angie by going to Maki and Shuichi for help.
When Angie and Tenko are killed the next day by Korekiyo, Himiko is devastated by this, only able to mourn their deaths during the investigation. She actively participates in their Class Trial, determined to solve their murders and find their killer.
After Korekiyo is confirmed to be the killer of both Angie and Tenko, she's infuriated, demanding to know why he did it. After he explains he killed the two girls for his sister, she's confused but no less angry. After Korekiyo's execution, she's pushed by Kokichi to stop bottling up her feelings. She starts sobbing in the trial room, crying about how lonely she is without Angie and Tenko.
In the non-canonical bonus mode, Himiko and Angie were friends, but their opinions regarding Atua were different because there was no traumatic killing game environment to influence Himiko's thinking. When Angie asked Himiko to pray with her to put her mind at ease, Himiko declined by stating she had no need for that. Angie figured Himiko didn't feel Atua's presence yet and said she'll keep praying for her. Himiko answered that Angie can think the way she wants. She then appeared a bit sad, asking if Angie prays for her only because Atua says so and not by her own choice. Care-freely, Angie claimed that Atua has spoken and that she must pray for her friend and try to convert her so they can both receive double points. Himiko said it's a deal. Later, when Himiko's Christmas magic show was about to begin, Angie came to check on her and found her nervous with stage fright. Angie tried to tell her that praying to Atua will make her feel more relaxed, but Himiko calmed herself down and said she was already experienced with shows like this. Angie appeared a bit surprised, saying Himiko has come a long way and has had good progress on her part. Angie said Himiko probably can't feel Atua's presence yet the way she is now, but she was happy for her friend and said she'll continue to pray for her. Himiko thanked Angie for her prayers, making Angie wonder if Himiko had finally accepted Atua. However, Himiko smiled and said she was grateful for Angie. She admitted she doesn't understand Atua, but had come to the conclusion that Angie thinking about her well-being is real. Himiko then got excited and wished to repay Angie with her magic show. Angie was thoughtful for a moment and said she's very relieved that Himiko appeared to be just fine after all, showing that Angie was very much motivated by Himiko's well-being and may have started to understand that Himiko can be happy even without Atua.
In Ultimate Summer Camp, when she notes Himiko's personal growth, she credits Angie and the other for it. In the bonfire event, she and Himiko talk about magic and bond over it further.
Tenko and Angie have somewhat of a rivalry, and Angie is the only other girl she isn't that fond of. Tenko, who doesn't believe in Atua's help, sees Angie as an unsettling person since she is always happy during the Killing Game knowing that Atua is on her side. Tenko's dislike for Angie strengthens once she and Himiko become close friends as well, believing she's being brainwashed.
Tenko later becomes jealous in Chapter 2, making a comment about "why couldn't have been [her]!?" in regards to Himiko worshiping Atua, as Angie claims, is a very "handsome God." When Angie and Himiko announce their magic show in the gym, Tenko elects to stand by the gym's entrance, muttering about Angie, and telling Shuichi she's trying to telepathically communicate with Himiko... which doesn't work.
In Chapter 3, Tenko joins the Student Council led by Angie in order to keep an eye on the artist and protect Himiko. She ends up betraying Angie and the rest of the Student Council when she guided Shuichi and Maki to Angie'sto make an attempt at stopping Angie from performing the ritual.
Tenko does shamefully admit that she dislikes Angie enough to the point she thought of "wanting her gone" a while ago to Maki, but feels terrible for thinking that, especially after Angie dies the next day.
Tenko was devastated to find Angie dead despite their misgivings and regrets how she was being hostile towards her. She volunteers to help with the Caged Child Ritual to resurrect Angie with the others to try and reveal the killer, but fails when she's killed by Korekiyo during the seance.
In the bonus mode, Tenko admits that she likes Angie's art and that she made Himiko's performance better.
At first, Angie considered Shuichi pretty useless, and this is one of the main reasons she never thinks of Shuichi in helping her out. This is most notably shown when Angie never considered Shuichi in helping her out on Himiko's magic show. Like everyone, Shuichi finds Angie a weird person due to her believe in Atua.
In Free Time Events, Shuichi finds Angie's name very unique and seems to find her Island's culture weird due to having a lot of unique elements that not many Island have. Shuichi finds Angie's Art not normal. Apparently, Shuichi is the first person who has gotten mad at Angie, due to this fact, Angie can't get Shuichi out of his mind. In their last Free Time Event, Angie confesses her love to Shuichi without Atua "speaking" for her. Angie states that she wants to stay on Shuichi's side forever and want Shuichi to be her husband towards her own feelings. Shuichi is very happy to see she for one spoke for herself. However, he considers they’re not very close yet.
When she died, Shuichi felt very sorry for Angie, and states she only wanted to end this Killing Game and bring everyone together.
Angie appears to like Gonta, though seemingly because she finds him useful due to his strength and selfless personality. She wishes to be carried by Gonta more than once.
Kaede sees Angie as a very religious person and is a bit creeped out when Angie asks for some blood to sacrifice to her god. Whether good girl or bad, Kaede thinks that it won't be easy to get close to her.
After Kaede was executed for Rantaro's murder, Angie forgave Kaede for her deed and said that she would rest in heaven, but Miu replied that Kaede had a horrible way to go.
When Kokichi cries and appears scared at one point, Angie comforts him by telling him about Atua. Kokichi then appears to calm down immediately, but it's likely that he was just acting and messing with her.
After Angie's student council is formed, Kokichi is shown to dislike it and the brainwashing quite a lot, even having a few genuinely angry reactions while listening to the brainwashed students. More or less jokingly, he proclaims that the rest of the students should have a war against the student council.
## Free Time Events & Bonus Mode Guides[]
The links below are full transcripts and indepth guides for Angie Yonaga's relationship routes in,,, andincluding herPresent preferences and most effective dialogue options.
* "Yah-hah! How are ya? My name is Angie Yonaga! I'm the Ultimate Artist!"
- "Yah-hah! How are ya? My name is Angie Yonaga! I'm the Ultimate Artist!"
* "Nyahahaha! There's no reason to carry bad thoughts with! You gotta live every day like it's bright, cheery, and fun!...So says Atua."
- "Nyahahaha! There's no reason to carry bad thoughts with! You gotta live every day like it's bright, cheery, and fun!...So says Atua."
* "I'm sure we'll be fine. A divine wind will blow through and lift us to victory."
* "I'm just relieved that no one was seriously injured. Praise be to Atua."
* "Praise be to Atua. Surely He helped you in His own mysterious, miraculous way." (to)
* "I'm just gonna pray to Atua."
* "Ohhhh! Atua give us strength!"
* "I'm sure we'll be fine. A divine wind will blow through and lift us to victory."
* "You don't need to worry. Atua will welcome you with open arms."
* "If you pray, Atua will watch overwhile you work hard.
* "Atua is a merciful god. He forgives everyone, even those who do not believe."
* "Nyahahaha! Fight, Gonta! Fight! Fight! Fight!"
* "I will work hard with Atua's guidance. I'm much happier alive than dead anyway."
* "It's important to believe. Atua only shows mercy to those who believe."
* "Investigating is important, but I gotta say my prayers to Atua, too."
* "If I pray hard enough, I'll learn enough points to become a platinum disciple."
- "I'm sure we'll be fine. A divine wind will blow through and lift us to victory."
- "I'm just relieved that no one was seriously injured. Praise be to Atua."
- "Praise be to Atua. Surely He helped you in His own mysterious, miraculous way." (to)
- "I'm just gonna pray to Atua."
- "Ohhhh! Atua give us strength!"
- "I'm sure we'll be fine. A divine wind will blow through and lift us to victory."
- "You don't need to worry. Atua will welcome you with open arms."
- "If you pray, Atua will watch overwhile you work hard.
- "Atua is a merciful god. He forgives everyone, even those who do not believe."
- "Nyahahaha! Fight, Gonta! Fight! Fight! Fight!"
- "I will work hard with Atua's guidance. I'm much happier alive than dead anyway."
- "It's important to believe. Atua only shows mercy to those who believe."
- "Investigating is important, but I gotta say my prayers to Atua, too."
- "If I pray hard enough, I'll learn enough points to become a platinum disciple."
* "Atua says that thissuffers from the same sins as the outside world. You're all unhappy cuz your greed is making you treat each other like adversaries. Atua has spoken... Your desire to leave this place is only worsening your greed. So we must case aside that sinful greed, and rejoice in our new lives here."
* "It's not enough to simply liveforever. Our lives must also be full of divine purpose. In other words... We must make this academy heaven on earth! In doing so...our desire to leave will vanish, and the killings will cease."
* "provides us all with shelter, food, clothing, and wonderful friends! What could you possibly desire? Do not give in to your greed."
* "Everyone is so nice... Atua deserves all the credit."
* "Nyahahaha! Only the strong can survive in this world that Atua has created."
* "Thank you Atua for being here with us today!"
* "Nothing can escape Atua's sight. Not even the culprit. Nyahahaha! Atua is truly a divine force to be reckoned with!"
* He is using His divine knowledge to show us the way to survive... ...You should thank Him, lest He pour his holy wrath upon you all."
* "may think you're protecting, but what if she really is the culprit? We'll all die, and it will be all your fault. Atua will lose precious devotees."
* "Yes, yes. Those who believe shall be saved."
* "Belief shall set you free!"
* "It's bad to have no reason to live, but it's also bad to have too many reasons to live. That's why you did such a terrible thing, right? For too many reasons."
* "All desire, even your desire to escape this place, can corrupt you beyond redemption."
- "Atua says that thissuffers from the same sins as the outside world. You're all unhappy cuz your greed is making you treat each other like adversaries. Atua has spoken... Your desire to leave this place is only worsening your greed. So we must case aside that sinful greed, and rejoice in our new lives here."
- "It's not enough to simply liveforever. Our lives must also be full of divine purpose. In other words... We must make this academy heaven on earth! In doing so...our desire to leave will vanish, and the killings will cease."
- "provides us all with shelter, food, clothing, and wonderful friends! What could you possibly desire? Do not give in to your greed."
- "Everyone is so nice... Atua deserves all the credit."
- "Nyahahaha! Only the strong can survive in this world that Atua has created."
- "Thank you Atua for being here with us today!"
- "Nothing can escape Atua's sight. Not even the culprit. Nyahahaha! Atua is truly a divine force to be reckoned with!"
- He is using His divine knowledge to show us the way to survive... ...You should thank Him, lest He pour his holy wrath upon you all."
- "may think you're protecting, but what if she really is the culprit? We'll all die, and it will be all your fault. Atua will lose precious devotees."
- "Yes, yes. Those who believe shall be saved."
- "Belief shall set you free!"
- "It's bad to have no reason to live, but it's also bad to have too many reasons to live. That's why you did such a terrible thing, right? For too many reasons."
- "All desire, even your desire to escape this place, can corrupt you beyond redemption."
* "Best let sleeping gods lie."
* "If that's the case, then Atua and I will work with everyone to uphold the peace."
* "Yayyy! A new area means we can all have lots more fun."
* "Atua and I will cooperate so everyone can have a super fun school life."
* "Atua sees everything. Even what everyone truly desire."
* "That's right! Atua is always watching over me! Nyahahahah! That's Atua for ya! He's so divine!"
* "If our livesbecome more enriched, then there's even less reason to leave this place."
* "Symmetry is a western beauty ideal. They like symmetry and the golden ration and such... But I think asymmetry and partition functions are more beautiful."
* "I don't need references when Atua is the one who creates art. From now on,will be filled with my collaborations with Atua!"
* "Atua was touched by everyone's feelings, so He said we must all preserve the peace here! Nyahahaha! I'm so relieved! I'll work with everyone to make thisa paradise!"
* "'s right. Murder and death have no place in a peaceful academy life."
* "Nyahaha! It doesn't matter what the motive is, we will not do theanymore."
* "Either way, there's nothing more divine than being reunited with a friend."
* "You work so hard,. You're always trying to keep everyone safe. Even when you go berserk, you're still considerate of everyone else, aren't you? I know this...because Atua is always watching you. ...Don't worry. You're not alone, Gonta. Atua is like a gentle grandmother, watching over you and keeping you safe."
* "Nyahaha! You're so odd,. What's more important—freedom or a person's life?"
* "Umm, we need to remove all worry and doubt, so everyone can have a peaceful life here. Cuz that's what Atua says. That's what Atua says."
* "Thank you for always supporting me. Atua smiles onfor your plain and simple service."
* "Atua exists beyond time itself, but I'm certainwill feel His presence very soon."
* "Geez! This isn't good! If your life is in disarray, your mind and body will be, too."
* "The more friends we have, the more fulfilling our lives will be."
* "Life cannot always be fun and smiles... Atua must make difficult, even cruel, decisions. But, but! We must submit to Atua's will if we're to live a peaceful school life."
* "That motive is of no concern to us, as long as you cast aside your desire to escape."
- "Best let sleeping gods lie."
- "If that's the case, then Atua and I will work with everyone to uphold the peace."
- "Yayyy! A new area means we can all have lots more fun."
- "Atua and I will cooperate so everyone can have a super fun school life."
- "Atua sees everything. Even what everyone truly desire."
- "That's right! Atua is always watching over me! Nyahahahah! That's Atua for ya! He's so divine!"
- "If our livesbecome more enriched, then there's even less reason to leave this place."
- "Symmetry is a western beauty ideal. They like symmetry and the golden ration and such... But I think asymmetry and partition functions are more beautiful."
- "I don't need references when Atua is the one who creates art. From now on,will be filled with my collaborations with Atua!"
- "Atua was touched by everyone's feelings, so He said we must all preserve the peace here! Nyahahaha! I'm so relieved! I'll work with everyone to make thisa paradise!"
- "'s right. Murder and death have no place in a peaceful academy life."
- "Nyahaha! It doesn't matter what the motive is, we will not do theanymore."
- "Either way, there's nothing more divine than being reunited with a friend."
- "You work so hard,. You're always trying to keep everyone safe. Even when you go berserk, you're still considerate of everyone else, aren't you? I know this...because Atua is always watching you. ...Don't worry. You're not alone, Gonta. Atua is like a gentle grandmother, watching over you and keeping you safe."
- "Nyahaha! You're so odd,. What's more important—freedom or a person's life?"
- "Umm, we need to remove all worry and doubt, so everyone can have a peaceful life here. Cuz that's what Atua says. That's what Atua says."
- "Thank you for always supporting me. Atua smiles onfor your plain and simple service."
- "Atua exists beyond time itself, but I'm certainwill feel His presence very soon."
- "Geez! This isn't good! If your life is in disarray, your mind and body will be, too."
- "The more friends we have, the more fulfilling our lives will be."
- "Life cannot always be fun and smiles... Atua must make difficult, even cruel, decisions. But, but! We must submit to Atua's will if we're to live a peaceful school life."
- "That motive is of no concern to us, as long as you cast aside your desire to escape."
- "Atua has spoken... Nothing bad will happen as long as you put aside all thoughts of escape."
Chapter 6 (Fake Memory):
* "Hmmm... Be careful what you say,... Otherwise, you will be punished over your next three lifetimes! But you still have time to act now! You just need to believe in Atua."
* "Nyahahaha! You're so funny,. There's no need to look anywhere else. Atua is the one true god. There are no other gods before Him. You might think there are other gods cuz Atua can change His form to suit people's needs."
* "Hmmm... So you have no desire to accept Atua into your heart. How unfortunate. But if you change your mind, let me know! Atua and I will be waiting for you,!"
* "I dunno. I just do what Atua compels me to do. Atua works in mysterious ways."
* "Nyahahahaha! It's okay. Atua's not a scary god. ...Just don't make Him mad, okay?"
* "Never forget that Atua is always watching."
* "Atua is god, and god is Atua. He is always with Angie. Nyahahaha! How divine!"
* "Nyahahaha! It'll be fine! We've got Atua on our side."
- "Hmmm... Be careful what you say,... Otherwise, you will be punished over your next three lifetimes! But you still have time to act now! You just need to believe in Atua."
- "Nyahahaha! You're so funny,. There's no need to look anywhere else. Atua is the one true god. There are no other gods before Him. You might think there are other gods cuz Atua can change His form to suit people's needs."
- "Hmmm... So you have no desire to accept Atua into your heart. How unfortunate. But if you change your mind, let me know! Atua and I will be waiting for you,!"
- "I dunno. I just do what Atua compels me to do. Atua works in mysterious ways."
- "Nyahahahaha! It's okay. Atua's not a scary god. ...Just don't make Him mad, okay?"
- "Never forget that Atua is always watching."
- "Atua is god, and god is Atua. He is always with Angie. Nyahahaha! How divine!"
- "Nyahahaha! It'll be fine! We've got Atua on our side."
* "I like you,. I like watching you get filled with divine fervor."
- "I like you,. I like watching you get filled with divine fervor."
* "Action movies are so wasteful. All that flowing blood should be offered to Atua instead."
* "On my island, that kinda indecision can get you killed. Even the slightest hesitation can mean your doom."
* "Why don't we use children as dominoes, instead? That would make Atua much happier. And when the children all fall down, Atua will have Himself a good laugh!"
* "Movies are fun and all, but I prefer real life. After all, movies only show stuff that can't be seen in real life."
* "No one can come between me and Atua. Not even."
* "Aretrying to displease Atua? If you do that, you won't live to see tomorrow."
* "I can't disobey Atua. Not even atrequest."
* "Atua says the most important thing anyone can do is be prepared. Atua says he didn't prepare enough when he created the world. That's why it's not perfect. Nyahahaha! Isn't it cute how clumsy Atua is?"
* "Unless it's a competition, making yourself exhausted for no reason is stupid."
* "Greed is a corrupting influence, y'know? It'll destroy you from within,."
- "Action movies are so wasteful. All that flowing blood should be offered to Atua instead."
- "On my island, that kinda indecision can get you killed. Even the slightest hesitation can mean your doom."
- "Why don't we use children as dominoes, instead? That would make Atua much happier. And when the children all fall down, Atua will have Himself a good laugh!"
- "Movies are fun and all, but I prefer real life. After all, movies only show stuff that can't be seen in real life."
- "No one can come between me and Atua. Not even."
- "Aretrying to displease Atua? If you do that, you won't live to see tomorrow."
- "I can't disobey Atua. Not even atrequest."
- "Atua says the most important thing anyone can do is be prepared. Atua says he didn't prepare enough when he created the world. That's why it's not perfect. Nyahahaha! Isn't it cute how clumsy Atua is?"
- "Unless it's a competition, making yourself exhausted for no reason is stupid."
- "Greed is a corrupting influence, y'know? It'll destroy you from within,."
* "Atua brings salvation, but only to those who believe. Those who do not will face His judgment,know."
* "Spreading the word of Atua to the masses is very good!"
* "Atua sees all. Atua watches over, like a beautiful mother of infinite patience."
* "I will pray for, so your mind can be cleansed and you can feel Atua's loving embrace."
* "Don't worry, Atua is watching overlike a gentle father."
* "Ifare ever feeling unhappy or discouraged, you should pray to Atua."
* "Don't be afraid. You'll be fine as long as you follow me. Atua is a gentle god, watching over you like a doting father,."
* "Scary experiences do have a way of bringing couples closer together."
* "Atua says that haunted houses are supposed to be fun for everyone. Let's remember that and get to work." (To)
* "No matter whatsay, Atua is watching over you like a macho, reliable older brother."
* "Yeah, it's fine. You probably can't feel Atua's embrace yet the way you are now, but... I will still pray for you,! Nyahahaha!"
* "It's okay. Even if you're stranded at sea in a fishing boat, you are never alone,. No matter what happens... Atua will watch over you."
* "Iflike quiet, do you wanna pray with me? It'll fill your heart with peace. You have many responsibilities and commitments, but listening to Atua will ease your burden. Because Atua is never wrong. Never ever wrong."
* "Atua has spoken... No matter the day or the hour. He will teach people how to be happy."
- "Atua brings salvation, but only to those who believe. Those who do not will face His judgment,know."
- "Spreading the word of Atua to the masses is very good!"
- "Atua sees all. Atua watches over, like a beautiful mother of infinite patience."
- "I will pray for, so your mind can be cleansed and you can feel Atua's loving embrace."
- "Don't worry, Atua is watching overlike a gentle father."
- "Ifare ever feeling unhappy or discouraged, you should pray to Atua."
- "Don't be afraid. You'll be fine as long as you follow me. Atua is a gentle god, watching over you like a doting father,."
- "Scary experiences do have a way of bringing couples closer together."
- "Atua says that haunted houses are supposed to be fun for everyone. Let's remember that and get to work." (To)
- "No matter whatsay, Atua is watching over you like a macho, reliable older brother."
- "Yeah, it's fine. You probably can't feel Atua's embrace yet the way you are now, but... I will still pray for you,! Nyahahaha!"
- "It's okay. Even if you're stranded at sea in a fishing boat, you are never alone,. No matter what happens... Atua will watch over you."
- "Iflike quiet, do you wanna pray with me? It'll fill your heart with peace. You have many responsibilities and commitments, but listening to Atua will ease your burden. Because Atua is never wrong. Never ever wrong."
- "Atua has spoken... No matter the day or the hour. He will teach people how to be happy."
## List of Appearances[]
- 
- New Danganronpa V3: Minna no Koroshiai Shin Gakki Comic Anthology Volume 2
* While Angie's ethnicity hasn't been stated outright, there are multiple implications that she is.She is indicated to be foreign to Japan, notable from her non-Japanese name (that has been pointed out by Shuichi), dark skin and unusual use of language. She mentions living on an island nation in the center of the ocean.In her promotional artwork, Angie is shown to be carving a statue which bears resemblance to astatue, which is generally related to Central Eastern Polynesian culture.While in the original Japanese version Angie's island god is simply called the God, in the official English version he is called, which means gods and spirits of the Polynesian peoples.In the bonus mode, she greets Shuichi with "alola" when she comes to ask him on a date. This is a reference to, which takes place in the fictional Alola region, which is based on. The people of Alola use the word "alola" as a greeting, referencing the traditional Hawaiian greeting "".
* She is indicated to be foreign to Japan, notable from her non-Japanese name (that has been pointed out by Shuichi), dark skin and unusual use of language. She mentions living on an island nation in the center of the ocean.
* In her promotional artwork, Angie is shown to be carving a statue which bears resemblance to astatue, which is generally related to Central Eastern Polynesian culture.
* While in the original Japanese version Angie's island god is simply called the God, in the official English version he is called, which means gods and spirits of the Polynesian peoples.
* In the bonus mode, she greets Shuichi with "alola" when she comes to ask him on a date. This is a reference to, which takes place in the fictional Alola region, which is based on. The people of Alola use the word "alola" as a greeting, referencing the traditional Hawaiian greeting "".
* Angie's Japanese title (超高校級の「美術部」) actually meansSuper High School Level Art Club Member- "art club" being common after-school activity available in most Japanese schools, where students practice fine arts such as painting and sculpting.
* In the original Japanese release, Angie and Tenko speak in the third person. Other characters with the same quirk within the series are,, and.
* Angie is the only character inDanganronpa V3who is always on the protagonist's side in Debate Scrums. Meanwhile, her portrait in the trials is always on the opposing side.
* Angie's portrait in the Class Trials after her death has angel wings and a halo instead of the usual red X due to her religious nature.
* Angie's English voice actor,, also voicesinandin.
* In a poll hosted byMyNavi, fans voted Angie the 14th most popularDanganronpa V3student.
* She is indicated to be foreign to Japan, notable from her non-Japanese name (that has been pointed out by Shuichi), dark skin and unusual use of language. She mentions living on an island nation in the center of the ocean.
* In her promotional artwork, Angie is shown to be carving a statue which bears resemblance to astatue, which is generally related to Central Eastern Polynesian culture.
* While in the original Japanese version Angie's island god is simply called the God, in the official English version he is called, which means gods and spirits of the Polynesian peoples.
- She is indicated to be foreign to Japan, notable from her non-Japanese name (that has been pointed out by Shuichi), dark skin and unusual use of language. She mentions living on an island nation in the center of the ocean.
- In her promotional artwork, Angie is shown to be carving a statue which bears resemblance to astatue, which is generally related to Central Eastern Polynesian culture.
- While in the original Japanese version Angie's island god is simply called the God, in the official English version he is called, which means gods and spirits of the Polynesian peoples.
- In the bonus mode, she greets Shuichi with "alola" when she comes to ask him on a date. This is a reference to, which takes place in the fictional Alola region, which is based on. The people of Alola use the word "alola" as a greeting, referencing the traditional Hawaiian greeting "".
- Angie's Japanese title (超高校級の「美術部」) actually meansSuper High School Level Art Club Member- "art club" being common after-school activity available in most Japanese schools, where students practice fine arts such as painting and sculpting.
- In the original Japanese release, Angie and Tenko speak in the third person. Other characters with the same quirk within the series are,, and.
- Angie is the only character inDanganronpa V3who is always on the protagonist's side in Debate Scrums. Meanwhile, her portrait in the trials is always on the opposing side.
- Angie's portrait in the Class Trials after her death has angel wings and a halo instead of the usual red X due to her religious nature.
- Angie's English voice actor,, also voicesinandin.
- In a poll hosted byMyNavi, fans voted Angie the 14th most popularDanganronpa V3student.
1. During the events of, it is revealed the students' talents are fabricated.
1. : "" ()(5 November 2020)
1. DengekiOnline:(April 27th, 2017)(Japanese)
- (Japanese)
### Explore properties

- 
# Angie Yonaga/Image Gallery
# Design Documents[]
## Design Sketches and Artwork[]
## Early Designs and Concept Art[]
# Below is a set of pre-Class Trial portraits. The first one is from the files of thethat never appears during normal gameplay, and the second is the final version from the main game.
# Below is a set of pre-Class Trial portraits. The first one is from the files of thethat never appears during normal gameplay, and the second is the final version from the main game.
Angie'scard sets fromDanganronpa V3'sbonus mode Ultimate Talent Development Plan.
# Manga Volume Covers[]
# Manga Illustrations[]
# Promotional Artwork[]
## Website Profiles[]
### Pre-Order Incentives[]
## Pre-Release Material[]
### Promotional Stills[]
### Trailer Screenshots[]
## Other Promotional Collaborations[]
# Magazines & Other Scans[]
## Art Book Material[]
1. in-game concept art gallery.
1. Day One DossierArt Booklet
1. ↑(Danganronpa V3art book)
1. Scan Credit:(Profile)
1. ↑Scan Credit:(Volume 1 Anthology Illustrations)
1. Scan Credit:(Volume 2 Anthology Illustration)
1. Scan Credit:(Volume 3 Anthology Illustration)
1. Danganronpa.com/v3:
1. ↑Danganronpa.us/v3:
1. ↑Danganronpa V3promotional website
1. Playstation Store (JP):
1. Playstation Store (JP):
1. Playstation Store (NA):
1. Playstation Store (NA):
1. store.steampowered.com:
1. Twitter:(January 3rd, 2018)
1. Scan Credit:(Art Book Cover)
1. Scan Credit:(Rough Sketches)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: Sept. 14th, 2016)
1. Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: September 14th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: September 29th, 2016)
1. Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: September 29th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: October 6th, 2016)
1. Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: October 6th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: October 20th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: December 15th, 2016)
1. Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: December 15th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 12th, 2017)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 12th, 2017)
1. ↑Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 19th, 2017)
1. Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 26th, 2017)
1. Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: September 30th, 2016)
1. Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: October 27th, 2016)
1. ↑Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: December 27th, 2016)
1. ↑Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: January 12th, 2017)
- in-game concept art gallery.
- Day One DossierArt Booklet
- ↑(Danganronpa V3art book)
- Scan Credit:(Profile)
- ↑Scan Credit:(Volume 1 Anthology Illustrations)
- Scan Credit:(Volume 2 Anthology Illustration)
- Scan Credit:(Volume 3 Anthology Illustration)
- Danganronpa.com/v3:
- ↑Danganronpa.us/v3:
- ↑Danganronpa V3promotional website
- Playstation Store (JP):
- Playstation Store (JP):
- Playstation Store (NA):
- Playstation Store (NA):
- Twitter:(January 3rd, 2018)
- Scan Credit:(Art Book Cover)
- Scan Credit:(Rough Sketches)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: Sept. 14th, 2016)
- Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: September 14th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: September 29th, 2016)
- Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: September 29th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: October 6th, 2016)
- Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: October 6th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: October 20th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: December 15th, 2016)
- Translation Credit:(Famitsu Translation: December 15th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 12th, 2017)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 12th, 2017)
- ↑Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 19th, 2017)
- Scan Credit:(Famitsu Scan: January 26th, 2017)
- Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: September 30th, 2016)
- Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: October 27th, 2016)
- ↑Scan Credit:(Dengeki Scan: December 27th, 2016)
### Explore properties

- 
# Angie Yonaga/Sprite Gallery
### Half Body Sprites
# The following set are unofficial half body sprites, cropped from Angie's full body sprites, in order to give her a full sprite set.
# The following set are unofficial half body sprites, cropped from Angie's full body sprites, in order to give her a full sprite set.
### Full Body Sprites
The following sprites appear inDanganronpa V3'sbonus mode:.
The following sprites appear during the Prologue of. The half body sprites are unofficial, cropped from the full body sprites:
The following sprites are unlocked when Angie's S-Rank card has been obtained from the in-gameMonoMono Machines, and can be seen during certain in-game friendship events.
The following singular 3/4 sprite is available to view in the card gallery after the character's S-Rank (swimsuit) card is unlocked.
The following images are featured on Hype Cards ("W Rank" in the Japanese version), which are also collectible from the MonoMono Machines.
Angie can be unlocked by collecting her card from the. After being collected, she is a playable character in the minigamesand.
These images appear at points throughout the:
The following sprites appear during theevent. The half body sprites are unofficial, cropped from the full body sprites.
Sprites of Angie which appear during theminigame.
### Explore properties