Hu TaoFragrance in ThawCardWishIn-GameQualityBioFamilyVoice ActorsReal NameHu Tao()RegionAffil­i­a­tions(on profile)Previous:March 02, 20212 years, 5 months agoAncestryRelative(Grandfather)EnglishChineseJapaneseKoreanAdditional TitlesCategories77th-Generation Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor
## Fragrance in Thaw
- 
Hu Tao(Chinese:胡桃Hú Táo) is a playablein.
Hu Tao's antics and eccentricity belies her role as the 77th Director of theand her talent as a poet. Nevertheless, she treats the parlor's operations with utmost importance, and holds funeral ceremonies with the highest dignity and solemnity.
### Ascensions and Stats
Toggle Ascension Materials
1. Does not include weapon ATK value.
1. Characters gain special stats starting with 2✦.
- Does not include weapon ATK value.
- After using, Hu Tao's Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG will be converted toDMGfor 9 seconds. Additionally, her Charged Attacks will apply the Blood Blossom effect to enemies it hits.
# Constellation Effects
* Increases Hu Tao's ATK based on her Max HP at the time of entering this state. ATK Bonus gained this way cannot exceed 400% of Hu Tao's Base ATK.
* attack DMG toPyro DMG, which cannot be overridden by any other elemental infusion.
* Charged Attacks apply the Blood Blossom effect to the enemies hit.
- Increases Hu Tao's ATK based on her Max HP at the time of entering this state. ATK Bonus gained this way cannot exceed 400% of Hu Tao's Base ATK.
- attack DMG toPyro DMG, which cannot be overridden by any other elemental infusion.
- Charged Attacks apply the Blood Blossom effect to the enemies hit.
* When a converted attack hits at least one, it generates2.5.This particle generation has a cooldown of ~5 seconds.Therefore, it can generate a total of4–6through its whole duration.
* This particle generation has a cooldown of ~5 seconds.
* Therefore, it can generate a total of4–6through its whole duration.
* While Paramita Papilio State is active, Hu Tao doesn't step back before charging forward. This makes her Charged Attacks under this state faster than normal.
* This skill's activation produces a damagelessattack around Hu Tao.
* This particle generation has a cooldown of ~5 seconds.
- This particle generation has a cooldown of ~5 seconds.
- Therefore, it can generate a total of4–6through its whole duration.
- While Paramita Papilio State is active, Hu Tao doesn't step back before charging forward. This makes her Charged Attacks under this state faster than normal.
- This skill's activation produces a damagelessattack around Hu Tao.
- Passive Talent 1,: "When aParamita Papiliostate activated byends, all allies in the party (excluding Hu Tao herself) will have theirincreased by 12% for 8s."
# Constellation Effects
* Constellation Level 1,: "While in aParamita Papiliostate activated by, Hu Tao'sdo not consume Stamina."
* Constellation Level 2,: "Increases theBlood BlossomDMG by an amount equal to 10% of Hu Tao's Max HP at the time the effect is applied. Additionally,will also apply theBlood Blossomeffect."
* Constellation Level 3,: Increases this talent's level by 3 and raises its maximum level to 15.
- Constellation Level 1,: "While in aParamita Papiliostate activated by, Hu Tao'sdo not consume Stamina."
- Constellation Level 2,: "Increases theBlood BlossomDMG by an amount equal to 10% of Hu Tao's Max HP at the time the effect is applied. Additionally,will also apply theBlood Blossomeffect."
- Constellation Level 3,: Increases this talent's level by 3 and raises its maximum level to 15.
- Constellation Level 4,: "Upon defeating an enemy affected by a Blood Blossom that Hu Tao applied herself, all nearby allies in the party (excluding Hu Tao herself) will have their CRIT Rate increased by 12% for 15s."
Normal Attacks in Paramita Papilio State
Charged Attacks in Paramita Papilio State
Blood Blossom Effect
- This Elemental Burst drainslater than most others.
# Constellation Effects
* Constellation Level 2,: Using Spirit Soother will apply theeffect.
- Constellation Level 2,: Using Spirit Soother will apply theeffect.
* If Hu Tao perfectly cooks, she has a chance of producing both her special dish,, and a Suspicious-quality Vegetarian Abalone.
- If Hu Tao perfectly cooks, she has a chance of producing both her special dish,, and a Suspicious-quality Vegetarian Abalone.
Each Constellation activation requires one.
* Hu Tao has a uniquethat allows her to briefly pass through smaller enemies. This only applies to the initial sprint and does not apply to the continuous run.Visually, Hu Tao disappears, and butterflies appear. These butterflies are normally white and turn red if she is in thestate.
Hu Taowas promoted or featured with a drop-rate boost in3:
1. In Hu Tao's CN character trailer, she says that胡Húis her family name and桃Táois her given name.
* Updates to character voice-overs:Removed from all languages:"Disengaging Wind Glider"
* Removed from all languages:"Disengaging Wind Glider"
* Removed from all languages:"Disengaging Wind Glider"
* Updates to character voice-overs:Updated audio for Japanese:"Deploying Wind Glider 01"
* Updated audio for Japanese:"Deploying Wind Glider 01"
* Updated audio for Japanese:"Deploying Wind Glider 01"
* Updates to character voice-overs:New for All Languages:"About Shenhe""About Yun Jin"Updated audio for Chinese:"Opening Treasure Chest 01""Low HP 01", "Low HP 02", "Low HP 03"
* "About Yun Jin"
* Updated audio for Chinese:"Opening Treasure Chest 01""Low HP 01", "Low HP 02", "Low HP 03"
* "Opening Treasure Chest 01"
* "About Yun Jin"
* Updated audio for Chinese:"Opening Treasure Chest 01""Low HP 01", "Low HP 02", "Low HP 03"
* "Opening Treasure Chest 01"
* "Opening Treasure Chest 01"
- "Opening Treasure Chest 01"
* Updates to character voice-overs:Updated audio for Chinese:"Climbing Breath #02""Deploying Wind Glider #01""Fallen #01""Joining Party #02""Jumping #05""Light Attack #07"
* Updated audio for Chinese:"Climbing Breath #02""Deploying Wind Glider #01""Fallen #01""Joining Party #02""Jumping #05""Light Attack #07"
* "Climbing Breath #02"
* Updated audio for Chinese:"Climbing Breath #02""Deploying Wind Glider #01""Fallen #01""Joining Party #02""Jumping #05""Light Attack #07"
* "Climbing Breath #02"
* "Climbing Breath #02"
- "Climbing Breath #02"
* Updates to character voice-overs:Updated audio for English:"About Chongyun"
* Updates to character voice-overs:Updated audio for Chinese:All Combat voice-oversUpdated audio for Japanese:"About Chongyun""About Keqing""About Xiao"
* Updated audio for Chinese:All Combat voice-overs
* All Combat voice-overs
* Updated audio for Chinese:All Combat voice-overs
* All Combat voice-overs
- All Combat voice-overs
### Explore properties

# Hu Tao's Stella Fortuna
Hu Tao's Stella FortunaItem TypeQualityDescription's Constellation Activation MaterialHow to ObtainSource
## Hu Tao's Stella Fortuna
Hu Tao's Stella Fortunais aobtained fromused to level's.
## Other Languages[]
### Explore properties

Hu TaoCategoryQualityAdeptal EnergyLoad3001200Adeptal Energy per Load0.25DescriptionCharacter In-ResidenceHu Taocan be invited as a Companion into the player'safter obtaining her and completing the World Quest.
### Adeptal Energy per Load
## Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favoriteis placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Hu Tao has2Favorite Furnishing Sets:
# I'm going out...Great one-liner...Business development...This is gonna be fun...Who shall I hang out with...
# Great one-liner...
# Business development...
# This is gonna be fun...
# Who shall I hang out with...
# (When the player is nearby)Miss me?Heya!
# Hu Tao:Heya, (Traveler)!Hu Tao:Why'd you come find me out of the blue? Miss me?How do you like it here?Hu Tao:You have mountains, and bodies of water, food and fun, and everything to like!Hu Tao:Besides, you're so kind to me. I really do love it here.I'm happy when I'm with you.Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.Isn't it about time you invited me over?Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# Hu Tao:Heya, (Traveler)!
# Hu Tao:Why'd you come find me out of the blue? Miss me?
# How do you like it here?Hu Tao:You have mountains, and bodies of water, food and fun, and everything to like!Hu Tao:Besides, you're so kind to me. I really do love it here.I'm happy when I'm with you.Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.Isn't it about time you invited me over?Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# Hu Tao:You have mountains, and bodies of water, food and fun, and everything to like!Hu Tao:Besides, you're so kind to me. I really do love it here.I'm happy when I'm with you.Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.Isn't it about time you invited me over?Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# Hu Tao:You have mountains, and bodies of water, food and fun, and everything to like!
# Hu Tao:Besides, you're so kind to me. I really do love it here.
# I'm happy when I'm with you.Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.
# Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.
# Hu Tao:Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.
# Hu Tao:Truthfully, I feel the same way.
# Isn't it about time you invited me over?Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# Hu Tao:Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.
# Hu Tao:As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
# (Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)Would you like to have a chat with me?Hu Tao:Oh, perfect timing! I was just looking for someone to talk to when you appeared. You don't have telepathy, do you?Hu Tao:*sigh* Aiya, aiya, no one's as considerate and kind as you are!Hu Tao:So... what do you want to talk about, (Traveler)?I want to hear you explain some mysterious phenomena.Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~I want to hear about your recent works.Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.You really have such amazing literary talent.Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# Would you like to have a chat with me?Hu Tao:Oh, perfect timing! I was just looking for someone to talk to when you appeared. You don't have telepathy, do you?Hu Tao:*sigh* Aiya, aiya, no one's as considerate and kind as you are!Hu Tao:So... what do you want to talk about, (Traveler)?I want to hear you explain some mysterious phenomena.Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~I want to hear about your recent works.Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.You really have such amazing literary talent.Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# Hu Tao:Oh, perfect timing! I was just looking for someone to talk to when you appeared. You don't have telepathy, do you?Hu Tao:*sigh* Aiya, aiya, no one's as considerate and kind as you are!Hu Tao:So... what do you want to talk about, (Traveler)?I want to hear you explain some mysterious phenomena.Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~I want to hear about your recent works.Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.You really have such amazing literary talent.Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# Hu Tao:Oh, perfect timing! I was just looking for someone to talk to when you appeared. You don't have telepathy, do you?
# Hu Tao:*sigh* Aiya, aiya, no one's as considerate and kind as you are!
# Hu Tao:So... what do you want to talk about, (Traveler)?
# I want to hear you explain some mysterious phenomena.Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~
# Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~
# Hu Tao:How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.
# Hu Tao:If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.
# Hu Tao:Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~
# I want to hear about your recent works.Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.You really have such amazing literary talent.Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.You really have such amazing literary talent.Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# Hu Tao:Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!
# Hu Tao:"There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."
# Hu Tao:How's that? Give me your thoughts.
# You really have such amazing literary talent.
# Hu Tao:Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.
# Hu Tao:Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
# (Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)Anything you'd like to do?Hu Tao:Hmm... something I want to do... I already do what I want every day.Hu Tao:So today, I won't tend to any of that other nonsense. I'll just hang out here.Hu Tao:Your place has mountains and bodies of water, food and fun, and I get to hang out with you... How wonderful!You really like this place.Hu Tao:Well it's not just the place, silly... I mean lots of places have courtyards and pavilions! Why would I like the place, of all things?Hu Tao:Hmm let's see... what else is there to like? Well, of course it's... it's... guess!Hu Tao:Hee-hee! That look on your face... I'll stop teasing you.Hu Tao:I like hanging out with you. And the fact that you're here with me proves that you like hanging out with me too!I figured as much.You really don't mean what you say, do you?Hu Tao:Hee-hee, no matter what you say, I'm staying here today and no one can drag me away!Hu Tao:We have such a good relationship, so... surely you won't mind?
# Anything you'd like to do?Hu Tao:Hmm... something I want to do... I already do what I want every day.Hu Tao:So today, I won't tend to any of that other nonsense. I'll just hang out here.Hu Tao:Your place has mountains and bodies of water, food and fun, and I get to hang out with you... How wonderful!You really like this place.Hu Tao:Well it's not just the place, silly... I mean lots of places have courtyards and pavilions! Why would I like the place, of all things?Hu Tao:Hmm let's see... what else is there to like? Well, of course it's... it's... guess!Hu Tao:Hee-hee! That look on your face... I'll stop teasing you.Hu Tao:I like hanging out with you. And the fact that you're here with me proves that you like hanging out with me too!I figured as much.You really don't mean what you say, do you?Hu Tao:Hee-hee, no matter what you say, I'm staying here today and no one can drag me away!Hu Tao:We have such a good relationship, so... surely you won't mind?
# Hu Tao:Hmm... something I want to do... I already do what I want every day.Hu Tao:So today, I won't tend to any of that other nonsense. I'll just hang out here.Hu Tao:Your place has mountains and bodies of water, food and fun, and I get to hang out with you... How wonderful!You really like this place.Hu Tao:Well it's not just the place, silly... I mean lots of places have courtyards and pavilions! Why would I like the place, of all things?Hu Tao:Hmm let's see... what else is there to like? Well, of course it's... it's... guess!Hu Tao:Hee-hee! That look on your face... I'll stop teasing you.Hu Tao:I like hanging out with you. And the fact that you're here with me proves that you like hanging out with me too!I figured as much.You really don't mean what you say, do you?Hu Tao:Hee-hee, no matter what you say, I'm staying here today and no one can drag me away!Hu Tao:We have such a good relationship, so... surely you won't mind?
# Hu Tao:Hmm... something I want to do... I already do what I want every day.
# Hu Tao:So today, I won't tend to any of that other nonsense. I'll just hang out here.
# Hu Tao:Your place has mountains and bodies of water, food and fun, and I get to hang out with you... How wonderful!
# You really like this place.
# Hu Tao:Well it's not just the place, silly... I mean lots of places have courtyards and pavilions! Why would I like the place, of all things?
# Hu Tao:Hmm let's see... what else is there to like? Well, of course it's... it's... guess!
# Hu Tao:Hee-hee! That look on your face... I'll stop teasing you.
# Hu Tao:I like hanging out with you. And the fact that you're here with me proves that you like hanging out with me too!
# I figured as much.
# You really don't mean what you say, do you?
# Hu Tao:Hee-hee, no matter what you say, I'm staying here today and no one can drag me away!
# Hu Tao:We have such a good relationship, so... surely you won't mind?
# (Between 6:00 and 19:00)Good morning, Hu Tao.Hu Tao:Morning~Hu Tao:Look at how full of life you are! Must've slept like the dead last night, huh?
# Good morning, Hu Tao.Hu Tao:Morning~Hu Tao:Look at how full of life you are! Must've slept like the dead last night, huh?
# Hu Tao:Morning~Hu Tao:Look at how full of life you are! Must've slept like the dead last night, huh?
# Hu Tao:Look at how full of life you are! Must've slept like the dead last night, huh?
# (Between 19:00 and 6:00)Good night, Hu Tao.Hu Tao:Hehehe... good night, (Traveler).Hu Tao:Rest early and don't worry about nightmares, monsters under your bed, or anything like that.Hu Tao:If such a thing happens, I'll settle it myself!
# Good night, Hu Tao.Hu Tao:Hehehe... good night, (Traveler).Hu Tao:Rest early and don't worry about nightmares, monsters under your bed, or anything like that.Hu Tao:If such a thing happens, I'll settle it myself!
# Hu Tao:Hehehe... good night, (Traveler).Hu Tao:Rest early and don't worry about nightmares, monsters under your bed, or anything like that.Hu Tao:If such a thing happens, I'll settle it myself!
# Hu Tao:Hehehe... good night, (Traveler).
# Hu Tao:Rest early and don't worry about nightmares, monsters under your bed, or anything like that.
# Hu Tao:If such a thing happens, I'll settle it myself!
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
### Cloudy Haze Dream-Court
# Hu Tao:There's an old saying in Liyue: "a bed that faces the door... shall be haunted by a ghost of horror."Hu Tao:But as long as I'm here, you won't have anything to worry about.Hu Tao:And if a couple of ghosts do come, you could invite them to play a game! Hmm... actually, why don't we put a table and some chairs here? Hee-hee...
# Hu Tao:There's an old saying in Liyue: "a bed that faces the door... shall be haunted by a ghost of horror."
# Hu Tao:But as long as I'm here, you won't have anything to worry about.
# Hu Tao:And if a couple of ghosts do come, you could invite them to play a game! Hmm... actually, why don't we put a table and some chairs here? Hee-hee...
### Qingce Cloud Residence
# Hu Tao:...The atmosphere in the village is great. I've gotten some poetic inspiration just walking around!Hu Tao:Ooh, do you think we'll see anything interesting after nightfall? Like... a statue coming to life, or an eerie fire underwater...Hu Tao:Hehe... you'll join me, right?
# Hu Tao:...The atmosphere in the village is great. I've gotten some poetic inspiration just walking around!
# Hu Tao:Ooh, do you think we'll see anything interesting after nightfall? Like... a statue coming to life, or an eerie fire underwater...
# Hu Tao:Hehe... you'll join me, right?
### Explore properties

### Genius Invokation TCG
### Character Screen Animations
## Character Details
# Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times
### Festive Celebration of Flowing Hues
### Iridescence in Papers
### Character Shorts
### Paimon's Paintings
### Explore properties

Hu Tao is the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, a person vital to managing Liyue's funerary affairs.She does her utmost to flawlessly carry out a person's last rites and preserve the world's balance of yin and yang.Aside from this, she is also a talented poet whose many "masterpieces" have passed around Liyue's populace by word of mouth.
The 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. She took over the business at a rather young age.
At first glance, Hu Tao appears to be a quirky and cheerful girl. She enjoys pranking people and despises sitting around and doing nothing, as she wishes to live her life to the fullest. Her eccentric and off-the-wall personality often leaves people with a negative impression of her, especially, who states that she has a "punchable face" and should be stored in the fridge.In contrast,enjoys her sense of humor, finding it irritating but interesting.
On the other hand, when handling funerals and last rites, she becomes more solemn and constantly reminds her employees to never deviate from the client's requests. Due to the importance and traditions of the parlor's duties, she expresses a distaste towards people treating her or her employees with suspicion whenever they go to work at night.
Despite her negative impressions, Hu Tao is knowedgeable about the adepti and Liyue's past. She also suspects that Zhongli is an adeptus based on his demeanour.However, she usually keeps this a secret from those who are unaware for their own safety. Hu Tao accepts death as a natural part of life and tells others to enjoy their short lives. She also loathes those who try to prolong their natural lifespan, such as.She also appears to show a lack of interest in her.
Hu Tao uses themodel. She has a fair complexion; bright scarlet eyes with white, blossom-shaped pupils; faded red makeup painted at the corners of her eyes; and long dark brown hair fading to crimson at the tips.
## Official Introduction
It would be best not underestimate someone as whimsical as her. However, should you enjoy surprises, then I believe a visit is in order.
At first glance, she appears to be a quirky and cheerful girl. No one would think that she is actually the renowned and illustrious Hu Tao.
Whether she is acting as the Director of theor as's "famous" poet, Hu Tao's nature is exceedingly eccentric. Like lightning or sparks of flame, she always comes and goes in the blink of an eye, igniting everything around her.
She pens poems by the oil of midnight and flits across mountains and seas by daylight. She appears at any time and at any place. From bustling streets to barren alleys, to derelict mountains and desolate peaks, in radiant and refulgent skies, or shadowed and starless night... Anything is possible — anything can become full of wonder.
Hu Tao is an undecipherable riddle, but people don't lament their lack of an answer. If asked, they would say, "This is the natural order of things, right? After all, no one can outrun the wind or take hold of a flame!"
She walks the line between life and death, shouldering responsibilities unknown to most mortals.
Be careful around Hu Tao, lest she leads you by the nose!
## Character Stories
### Character Details
The 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, a young lady managing the parlor's operations. Despite her position, she's an amiable person who puts on no airs.
Her antics are as plentiful as the sand on. She never ceases to shock people with her countless bizarre ideas.
Hu Tao may seem like all play and no work, spending every free moment on leisure and being widely considered a laissez-faire business owner.
It is only during funeral ceremonies, when she personally leads her undertakers through lamp-lit alleys, that she shows her dignified and solemn side.
### Character Story 1
Funeral ceremonies allow mortals to leave this world with dignity.
And Liyue's Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is said to be painting the last strokes on the scrolls of people's lives in the most respectful way.
Traditional funerals include multiple steps such as holding a wake, burial, putting up a memorial plaque... All of which are subject to strict rules.
Regardless of their social standing and level of wealth, all who depart deserve a ceremony that would do them honor. This is the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's client service philosophy.
One would think that such a reputable organization ought to be led only by an individual of utmost learning and sagacity.
Yet the heavy mantle of the 77th Director has fallen on the shoulders of a young lady like Hu Tao.
She has got quite a reputation in Liyue. Whenever someone mentions Hu Tao, their neighbors find it extremely hard to navigate the conversation.
Although she is widely praised for her wit and shrewdness, her eccentric notions are not as welcome, as she often lets her imagination run wild.
As a three-year-old, she would read through volumes of classic texts while doing handstands. At six, she would cut classes and fall asleep in coffins. When she was eight, she started living in the parlor and learning the etiquette of funeral ceremonies...
One would never use the word "measured" to describe her behavior.
During her teenage years, Hu Tao was tasked with conducting a funeral ceremony for the first time.
The parlor's undertakers and consultants were anticipating her debut with their stomachs in knots as if they were suspended over the peaks of.
### Character Story 2
Fortunately, Hu Tao treats the parlor's operations with the utmost importance and is always looking to grow her business.
"At the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, the living give usto see the dead on their way. We have a responsibility to both parties, so we gotta make sure both sides are happy."
When it comes to the parlor's rules, Hu Tao knows them all like the back of her hand.
Each day when the parlor closes its doors, Hu Tao invites consultants from different walks of life to pass their teachings on to the undertakers.
"The funeral tradition is like science. It cannot be performed based on impressions and personal habits."
Of all the lecturers, Zhongli is the most revered one. As such, his lessons have proven to be the most effective in cultivating the competence of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's undertakers.
Despite often being teased by Hu Tao due to his old-fashioned style, he is also the person that she trusts the most.
Apart from that, Hu Tao always instructs her undertakers to respect their clients' wishes and not insist on any particular form of funeral.
"Some clients want nothing more than a peaceful ceremony, some opt for a more lively style of event. There are also wealthier clients who would request a funeral arrangement of the most pompous kind. The services we provide have to be tailor-made according to the clients' needs."
Ever since Hu Tao took over, the parlor's operations have been solid and reliable, with ceremonies conducted so tactfully that quite a few superstitious people in Liyue have changed their attitudes towards funerals.
Even so, Hu Tao still has a tendency to wander off, disappearing as soon as her undertakers are busy listening to lectures.
The hobbies and interests of this young director are just as eccentric as her personality, and yet it is difficult to say with certainty if those activities are of a purely leisurely nature.
Hu Tao's shadow can be seen in the moonlit docks or at the highest, most precarious viewpoints in the mountains, where she's likely to take in the scenery and shape her thoughts into beautiful poetry.
She loves to roam freely at night, looking for inspiration. When it strikes her, no matter where she is, she cannot help but compose a poem on the spot.
If they are particularly lucky, the traveling merchants taking respite around thecan spot a mysterious girl keeping herself amused in solitude.
Hu Tao can play a four-player card game accompanied by no one for hours on end.
That said, the joys of engaging in such activities remain a mystery to all but Hu Tao herself.
### Character Story 3
Theis guarded by two life-like stone lions, a symbol of power and authority.
However, Hu Tao, who happened to be passing by the ministry building one day, saw them in a different light. At first, she examined the lions with a thoughtful look, but soon enough, her pensive face gave way to a wide smile, as she slapped them on the fore-paws.
From that moment on, Hu Tao often visited and petted the stone statues. Not only would she talk to them, but also give them pet names — Whiskers for the one on the left and Mittens for the one on the right.
On occasion, she would even bring a bucket of water and a big brush to bathe them, each move so careful and deliberate that one might think that they were her actual pets.
As it happened, another feline, a living and breathing calico cat, could be found enjoying the local delicacies in front of, not too far from the ministry building. One day, some city folk came to play with the restaurant's favorite, providing an interesting foil for Hu Tao's peculiarities. Met with befuddled gazes of the bystanders, Hu Tao showed unwavering confidence.
"Sure, your kitty's cute, but the same can be said about my Whiskers and Mittens. Their fur might be harder, but they're still just as fluffy! Any animal that brings people joy may become a pet. And when it comes to majestic looks, your little fur-ball simply can't measure up to my lions!"
Suffice to say that this explanation was met with even greater consternation from the onlookers.
Yet the group of people shocked the most and most often by Hu Tao's antics were the ministry guards. Soft footsteps could often be heard in front of the building at around midnight. Initially, the guards suspected that it had been a thief preparing to rob officials. To their unceasing surprise, it would turn out to just be a young lady playing with the stone lions.
The guards were faced with an even bigger conundrum when, once everyone had reluctantly got used to her presence, Hu Tao discontinued her visits.
That meant that the responsibility for cleaning the statues fell on the guards' shoulders once again.
Subsequently, they decided to keep guard by the lions for many days, anticipating Hu Tao's return. Once they finally had the opportunity to ask her why she would not visit anymore, they received the most absurd of answers.
"Whiskers and Mittens are adults now and can take care of themselves! Excuse me, I'm running late for my heart-to-heart with a Statue of the Seven regarding the meaning of life!"
### Character Story 4
Not long after her initial meeting with the little zombie, Hu Tao decided that, as her self-proclaimed true friend, she should grant Qiqi eternal peace.
Hu Tao would go on to kidnap Qiqi several times following much deliberation in every instance, including calculating the most auspicious time for the ceremony, aiming to follow the standard procedure of cremation, after which she would place Qiqi in a tomb on the outskirts of the city.
In fact, she would have succeeded already if not for Baizhu's timely interventions.
Each time the's owner managed to catch up with them, Hu Tao had already had Qiqi packed in a bag, with only her head sticking out, staring in utter confusion as Hu Tao was vigorously digging a hole for the pyre.
Afterwards, Hu Tao sent Qiqi an apology letter, in which she expressed deep regret that she had not been able to lay Qiqi to rest fast enough.
In Hu Tao's eyes, Qiqi passed away a long time ago, but has been trapped in this world and cannot free herself of her eternal suffering.
Baizhu, for his part, had grown ever more relentless in his pursuit of eternal life after meeting Qiqi. This act of defiance against the cycle of life and death was unacceptable to Hu Tao.
She wanted to bury Qiqi not only out of consideration for her friend but also to restore the natural order.
But Qiqi could not disagree more, as she was afraid of death and disliked Hu Tao for her attempts.
Because the struggle between Hu Tao and her had been going on for so long, Qiqi has experienced a breakthrough. She has started to remember places where she might hide to avoid being captured by Hu Tao.
Perhaps it was due to those desperate survival efforts that Hu Tao decided to do something unusual and dig deeper into Qiqi's past.
The story of her accident and the mystery of the adepti... That series of coincidences filled Hu Tao's heart with hesitation.
Since Qiqi's will to live is so strong, she should not be forced to move on. Given the circumstances, she could only be treated as a rare exception that eludes the natural laws.
Ever since, Hu Tao's attitude towards Qiqi has changed drastically, to the point that she would pamper her.
Unfortunately, the damage has been done and Hu Tao has become Qiqi's bugbear. The little zombie may need several years more to let go of her grievances.
### Character Story 5
Hu Tao is not, in fact, best known for her role as Director, but for her other great accomplishment: the creation of poetry.
She dubs herself the "versemonger of the darkest alleys," and free verse flows forth untamed from her mouth whenever she has free time to be out on the streets.
The "Hilitune" is Hu Tao's most famous work, well-loved not only by the people of the harbor, but ever on the lips of children as far asas well.
Hobbyists and critics alike were greatly surprised by the simple but profound originality of the "Hilitune" and its creation, and went toin droves to search for the works of this great poet. Unfortunately, Hu Tao's anthologies, named "Fiddlesticks" and "Of Common Lives" respectively, have yet to be published.
, ever immersed in books, also wanted to meet this strange person, and so chose an auspicious date to visit, bringing a gift with him.
The two hit it off immediately, and they exchanged pointers and impromptu poetry in Wangsheng's main hall — and when faced with the poetry of Xingqiu's traditional, artistic bent, Hu Tao could always return in kind with some strange and marvelous verse.
And there was meaning in the chaos, indeed, a rhythm to the bizarre that anyone could perceive, and it was catchy, too.
Thus did she "beat the old master with untrained fists," leaving Xingqiu at a loss for words.
At length, the poetic spar ended amiably, and they have been friends ever since, reading and composing poetry with one another when they have the time to meet.
Over time,, too, was pulled in to serve as an umpire, their laughter filling the streets.
The poems born from these sessions would also be recorded by bystanders.
If ever you should hear a pair of matched verses, one strict and the other playful, you are most likely to have heard one created jointly by Hu Tao and Xingqiu.
### Harmony Hexagram Hat
This hat is somewhat on the hard side, and the insignia of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor adorns its front.
It is said that this hat was passed from the 75th Director to Hu Tao. However, that director was large, musclebound, and had a head at least two sizes larger than hers.
Ultimately, Hu Tao had to spend an entire day and night to modify the hat with her own hands such that its dimensions would fit hers. When she meets others, she tells them: this hat is magical, upholding good and repelling evil, and is a bringer of peace!
The undertakers laugh and leave it at that, but the 77th Director clearly does treasure that hat.
No matter the rain or storm, or if Hu Tao returns late covered in muck, that hat will remain spotless and clean.
The plum blossom that adorns the side of the hat is plucked from a plum tree that Hu Tao planted and grew herself.
Its creation process is as follows: pluck and air-dry, then paint, lacquer, and outline carefully before sun-drying for three days and voila — a beautiful accessory, soft to the touch and bearing a delicate fragrance.
This tale should begin with the funeral of Hu Tao's grandfather.
Ten days before the funeral itself, Old Hu had passed away following a bout of illness. For its 75th Director, Wangsheng Funeral Parlor held a grand funeral, in accordance with the last wishes of the old man himself, to be conducted by Hu Tao.
Only thirteen at the time, Hu Tao, who would later go on to become the Director in turn, made all the arrangements herself to the highest standard, greatly impressing the undertakers.
After the funeral, the thirteen-year-old Hu Tao grabbed her traveler's bag and crept out alone in the dead of night. In her bag were only a few rations, some water, and a means to create some light. She was headed to a mysterious and seldom-seen frontier.
Heading straight from, one may arrive at the "border." It is the line that separates life and death, the secrets of which have been managed by Wangsheng Funeral Parlor for generations. According to legend, it is a place where the souls of past relatives and the spirits of those with unfulfilled aspirations linger. For Hu Tao, this journey was a chance to see her grandfather once more before he departed forever.
For two days she journeyed unceasingly before finally arriving at her destination, yet was unable to locate her grandfather upon arrival. Between the innumerable spirits she walked, but not one of them resembled the old man.
She stayed there the whole day before falling asleep in exhaustion, awakening to a night sky and heavy dew. Around her were gathered a few lone spirits, clapping and laughing:
"Silly girl, why would Old Hu be here of all places? What were you thinking, looking for your relatives here?"
Not one to be swayed so easily, Hu Tao continued to wait, day after day. Her rations gradually disappeared and her water supplies drained away, but her grandfather did not appear. In the end, it was a little old woman who came to her.
She laid eyes on the exhausted Hu Tao and smiled as she spoke: "Look at your stubbornness, you're exactly like Old Hu. It's a shame, but none of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Directors would ever linger here. You come from a family of plain speakers, so let me return the favor... Go back. Go back to where you came from."
The old woman bid farewell to Hu Tao, before passing over the border and into the distance. Hu Tao watched as the figure of the mysterious woman grew smaller and disappeared, as a sense of doubt tinged with relief manifested itself.
At last she came to the conclusion: her grandfather's absence was due to him having passed over the border as soon as he'd arrived, to the place where he was bound. He had been open and honest in life, leaving behind no regrets, so was it right for his departure to be framed in regretful terms?
With a smile, she set forth on the return journey.
The faraway moon had been casting a thin light on the way over but had now been replaced by the bright light of dawn. As she walked, Hu Tao thought of a saying that her grandfather had often quoted: "Live in life, die in death. Follow your heart, do what you can."
It was noon when Hu Tao arrived home. She climbed over the wall into the rear courtyard, went straight to her room, and unpacked her travel bag.
With her food and water long gone, and the rest of her belongings unpacked, the bag she had taken for empty instead contained a colorful. Just when had it arrived?
As one of the few living that had dared to visit the border, perhaps Hu Tao's actions had moved some unknown god.
Perhaps this then constituted a heavenly gift... the ultimate recognition of her strength.
## Quests and Events
* Part I:
- Part I:
## Character Mentions
### Character Stories
- 
### Character Voice-Overs
* Baizhu:If possible, I sincerely wish that Director Hu would be more sensible about her business practices.Changsheng:Oh, so you haven't forgotten about the time when she was disseminating flyers right outside of Bubu Pharmacy.Baizhu:*sigh* I just wish that she wouldn't be so concerned about Qiqi whenever she has nothing better to do.Changsheng:Sounds like you have something against her...Baizhu:It's not that I take issue with Director Hu... It's just that every time she kidnaps Qiqi, I have to go all the way to theto get someone to sort it all out. It's... quite exhausting.
- Baizhu:If possible, I sincerely wish that Director Hu would be more sensible about her business practices.Changsheng:Oh, so you haven't forgotten about the time when she was disseminating flyers right outside of Bubu Pharmacy.Baizhu:*sigh* I just wish that she wouldn't be so concerned about Qiqi whenever she has nothing better to do.Changsheng:Sounds like you have something against her...Baizhu:It's not that I take issue with Director Hu... It's just that every time she kidnaps Qiqi, I have to go all the way to theto get someone to sort it all out. It's... quite exhausting.
* first mentions her during the Archon Quest "" and hopes that she has been able to keep the authorities at bay after the Qixing turned their suspicions on the— which the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is associated with.She is also mentioned on an anonymous message left on the, which is likely Zhongli's.
* She is also mentioned on an anonymous message left on the, which is likely Zhongli's.
* Hu Tao writes a response to's message on the, in which she says he should hand Qiqi over to be buried by the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
* Hu Tao's Chinese voice actor is the same voice actor for, the main character of all of HoYoverse's previous games.
* Hu Tao is the first playable character starting fromwho goes by her full name in official media and in the game's interface;was the very first, introduced in the Third Closed Beta Test but afterwards unavailable until. While other characters before them have known surnames, such as(Jean Gunnhildr),(Kaeya Alberich), and(Diluc Ragnvindr), they go by their given names in official material.is the second playablecharacter who goes by her full name.
* is the second playablecharacter who goes by her full name.
* Hu Tao is associated with butterflies because Chinese traditions commonly associate them with life and death, and the dead.
* She wears plum blossoms on her hat, which are associated with late winter. This fits her title, Fragrance in Thaw, which also refers to winter transitioning into spring.
* On April 1, 2021,made Hu Tao their official mascot for April Fools' Day, replacing. Their social media accounts changed their profile pictures to images of her, and the official Discord server for Genshin Impact had a Hu Tao theme.This is most likely to reference Hu Tao's reputation as a prankster within, which suits the theme of April Fools' Day.
* This is most likely to reference Hu Tao's reputation as a prankster within, which suits the theme of April Fools' Day.
* Hu Tao is the last character (Before) whose Character Introduction Illustration differs from their Wish Artwork.
* Hu Tao is the first and only Event 5 star to not be revealed during a version trailer, most likely due to her relations with death, which was a taboo during Lunar New Year, the time before her release.
* Hu Tao's "Hilitune" featured in hervoice-overs is also sung byin, the Traveler when talking to, and referenced in theachievement.In the Chinese, Japanese and Korean versions, the song is a reference to a Chinese nursery rhyme called Ten Rabbits (Chinese:十只兔子shí zhī tùzi).
* In the Chinese, Japanese and Korean versions, the song is a reference to a Chinese nursery rhyme called Ten Rabbits (Chinese:十只兔子shí zhī tùzi).
- She is also mentioned on an anonymous message left on the, which is likely Zhongli's.
- Hu Tao writes a response to's message on the, in which she says he should hand Qiqi over to be buried by the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
- Hu Tao's Chinese voice actor is the same voice actor for, the main character of all of HoYoverse's previous games.
- is the second playablecharacter who goes by her full name.
- Hu Tao is associated with butterflies because Chinese traditions commonly associate them with life and death, and the dead.
- She wears plum blossoms on her hat, which are associated with late winter. This fits her title, Fragrance in Thaw, which also refers to winter transitioning into spring.
- This is most likely to reference Hu Tao's reputation as a prankster within, which suits the theme of April Fools' Day.
- Hu Tao is the last character (Before) whose Character Introduction Illustration differs from their Wish Artwork.
- Director Hu
- Hu Tao is the first and only Event 5 star to not be revealed during a version trailer, most likely due to her relations with death, which was a taboo during Lunar New Year, the time before her release.
- In the Chinese, Japanese and Korean versions, the song is a reference to a Chinese nursery rhyme called Ten Rabbits (Chinese:十只兔子shí zhī tùzi).
* When read together, Hu Tao's name (胡桃) refers to the, and is itself a regional term for walnuts in. In the game, both characters are parsed separately: as her surname  (Chinese:胡Hú) is distinct from her given name  (Chinese:桃Táo, "Peach"). The English version reflects this by separating the two characters with a space, unlike most other Liyue characters whose names are commonly written as one word, without any spaces.In Chinese official media, however, the name is often spelled as simply "Hutao," without the space as utilized in the English localization.
* In Chinese official media, however, the name is often spelled as simply "Hutao," without the space as utilized in the English localization.
* The "walnut" interpretation of Hu Tao's name may be a reference to an old Chinese folk song about walnuts granting long life. A variant of the song goes: "[When] walnuts do not leave the hand, [one] can live up to eighty-nine, surpassing even the; thewill not be able to call [them] away!"  (Chinese:核桃不离手，能活八十九，超过乾隆爷，阎王叫不走！Hétáo bù líshǒu, néng huó bāshíjiǔ, chāoguò Qiánlóng-yé, Yánwáng jiào bù zóu!).The Qianlong Emperor is one of the longest-reigning and longest-lived monarchs in world history. He lived to eighty-seven, which is two years less than the stated year in the song.The name of the King of Hell mentioned in the song, Yánwáng  (Chinese:阎王) is a homophone for half of Zhongli's title, Yánwáng Dìjūn  (Chinese:岩王帝君"Rex Lapis"). It is possible that Zhongli's role as a consultant in the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is also a nod to the song.
* The Qianlong Emperor is one of the longest-reigning and longest-lived monarchs in world history. He lived to eighty-seven, which is two years less than the stated year in the song.
* The name of the King of Hell mentioned in the song, Yánwáng  (Chinese:阎王) is a homophone for half of Zhongli's title, Yánwáng Dìjūn  (Chinese:岩王帝君"Rex Lapis"). It is possible that Zhongli's role as a consultant in the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is also a nod to the song.
* Her constellation, Papilio Charontis, is Latin for "the butterfly of."
- In Chinese official media, however, the name is often spelled as simply "Hutao," without the space as utilized in the English localization.
* The Qianlong Emperor is one of the longest-reigning and longest-lived monarchs in world history. He lived to eighty-seven, which is two years less than the stated year in the song.
- The Qianlong Emperor is one of the longest-reigning and longest-lived monarchs in world history. He lived to eighty-seven, which is two years less than the stated year in the song.
- The name of the King of Hell mentioned in the song, Yánwáng  (Chinese:阎王) is a homophone for half of Zhongli's title, Yánwáng Dìjūn  (Chinese:岩王帝君"Rex Lapis"). It is possible that Zhongli's role as a consultant in the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is also a nod to the song.
- Her constellation, Papilio Charontis, is Latin for "the butterfly of."
### Character Title: Fragrance in Thaw
1. Official Genshin Impact Website:
1. Qiqi's Character Story:
1. Xiao's Voice-Over:
1. Hu Tao's Voice-Over:
1. Zhongli's Character Story:
1. Hu Tao's Voice-Over:
- Official Genshin Impact Website:
- Qiqi's Character Story:
- Xiao's Voice-Over:
- Hu Tao's Voice-Over:
- Zhongli's Character Story:
### Explore properties

## List of Character Outfits
### Explore properties

- 
# Hu Tao/Voice-Overs
### Explore properties

# Hu Tao: Spirit Soother
Hu Tao: Spirit SootherIconBackgroundBannerItem TypeQualityDescriptionDirector Hu Tao isn't scary at all. Probably.How to ObtainSourceReward for reaching10 with
## Hu Tao: Spirit Soother
Hu Tao: Spirit Sootheris aobtained by reaching10 with.
## Other Languages[]
### Explore properties

Hu TaoDetailsFeaturesHealth10How to ObtainSource 1Achieve victory inHu Taois aobtained in.
## Proficiency Reward[]
After reaching Proficiency 10, the following Dynamic Skin is obtained:2
## Stage Appearances[]
Hu Tao appears in4stages:
Dynamic Skin Idle Animation
## Other Languages[]
### Explore properties